"10th July 1917 White heather for luck Note. David did not receive this letter: it was returned by the BEF May to David    Tuesday 10 July 1917  [returned marked Wounded and Missing] My dear David, Such a shame. The compartment filled up at Beckenham this morning. I caught the 8. 30. because we are so busy and I asked all the girls to start work at 9 0. this morning rather than stay late. Still, we did enjoy ourselves last night, didn’t we? I have borrowed a more recent First Aid book than my own, so read that in the train. The Germans see they are so busted up all round that their only chance is, they think, to frighten the women workers in London. Silly fools; it only makes us think that that is what our men folks are going through, so take it calmly and philosophically, only of course you have the concentrated essence of it, and we are only getting a flavouring. Caught my early train home last night as usual, and knitted as usual. The workmen have not yet come back so we cannot transplant our vegetables yet as they will only tramp on them. We are getting or with our work very nicely indeed, though raids are a hindrance. We are only 5 days behindhand. Of course these raids make us extra busy; they are very good for business. I slept very well last night; only wish you could sleep as well. I know you are having a hard time. Never mind; you shall have a rest one day, and shan’t we both enjoy it? Cannot stop any longer just now. 30. Last Saturday morning one of the girl supers gave me a piece of white heather that had come up from Scotland. White heather is supposed to stand for good luck, so I am told. I gave it to Mama when I got home, but she said “Send it to David. It will bring him home safely.” But I have forgotten it each day; I must send it to-morrow, or a bit of it. No raid today so far, and it is just an ideal day for one. Bright with white clouds for the devils to hide behind. It is rather chilly. The brilliant hue of my nose is disappearing, I am glad to say, but it looks swollen. Yes, I evidently have taken to drink. Can’t think of anything else to say just now. Did I tell you we are going to send our old office cleaner away this year?  She knows someone at Brighton who will board and lodge her for 14/- for the week. The fare will be 12/7, and she will have 11/- of her own to spare. We have already collected £1, so she will be able to be a real lady again for a whole week. The thoughts of it are keeping her going. Poor old soul, these last two raids were very bad round her neighbourhood, and she was too bad after each to come to work. 4.30 Connie is coming this afternoon to see Mama, who by the bye is not anxious to see her. She will be gone before we get home. We have not told Ern. No raiders here yet. 5.30 Goodnight. See you later. May", "9th July 1917 Guns going all afternoon Note. David never received this letter: it was returned from the BEF May to David  Monday 9 July 1917 [returned marked Missing 10/7/17] My dear David, At last we are in the 8.46, well up front, all to our two little selves, and I don’t think anyone would want to come in, as it is pouring with rain and we are beyond the station cover. O you are wet. Take off your waterproof in readiness. On Saturday I left at 12.30 and caught the 12.44 which went off to time and got home at 1.15. Mama was alright, tho she had watched the planes over London for some time, and saw 17 of them break away and come direct towards her. For a while she could not move and her knees were shaking. Then she remembered Bert’s letters. That broke the spell and she rushed downstairs with them into the cellar. Our shrapnel has broken the glass in Cannon Street Station. We’re off. Quick….what! your finger still bad! And after I had nursed it all night again! I think it is a most ungrateful finger. O, a little better, is it? Well, I suppose you had better continue the treatment. Is that nice? I think you had better go to sleep. With your eyes shut I mean…… Quite asleep yet? Alright, then I can go on writing. On Saturday afternoon we had a lovely washing day. The guns were going all the afternoon down the river, the raiders trying to get back again, but they did not succeed. Owing to the workman we had not had a washing day for a fortnight. The men haven’t finished yet, but have gone on another job, which is a little way they have out of the army. Saturday night I had a lovely sleep, and slept on till 8.45 without a break. I lost my train to Maud’s, but managed to catch the 12.28, arriving at 37 at 1.10. Catford. Quick. No, I didn’t kick you on the floor. It’s your own fault entirely. I shall put this away now and get out first aid. Have miniaturized you, and have tucked you in my coat with your finger still getting better – slowly, very slowly. 1.30 Had your letter of 4 th given me when I arrived here. So desperately glad to get it. Well, I had dinner at Maud’s. The place is upside down. Maud looks brighter tho’ awfully thin and white. She says she is enjoying being her own mistress at last! Aren’t you shocked at her? After dinner we washed up and then went to 56 for tea, which we both enjoyed very much, in fact, I think all three of us did. We talked and talked and talked. Maud left at 6.15 to go to church. We left at 7.50 and Mrs Taylor came to Herne Hill with me. Caught the 8.43 home. We both had a glass of wine before we left. The tip of my nose is red! I know I have a bit of a cold and there is a small rough place on my tip, but of course you might have caused both. Mrs Taylor is off to Chesham on Wednesday till following Monday, and the folks there have invited Mrs Capel. So Mrs Taylor is feeling highly delighted. She has been bargain hunting lately. She has a hat which she trimmed herself, some stuff for a dress, mauve, which she is going to make up, and some lovely back broad trimming for a dress. She doesn’t seem to realise you are near danger at all, leave alone being in it. Its a good thing too; I’m sure I’m not going to enlighten her. Fortunately she doesn’t read the papers. Mrs Day does that for her. 4.30 Had two more letters from you. You are a dear to write. You are not training now, but doing the real thing, I know. Your special pastime is imagining grand things of me, but as I told you before, you see me thro’ rose coloured glass. I am very ordinary really, and not doing anything out of the way, like you are. How disappointed you’ll be in me one of these fine days! Mr Gayford sent for me this morning and asked how the girls got on on Saturday. I told him they kept quite calm and I felt proud of them. He asked if any fainted and seemed surprised when I said no. Mrs Gayford came up about 12.45 to see us. She said Tom’s turn came extra quickly for leave as several before him were transferred, but it will be ages before he gets home again. Very busy. Can’t stop any longer, so Goodbye till tomorrow. May P.S. I got Maud’s insurance for fire, burglary and domestic labour – discussed it on a Sunday too! Might get her personal accident by aircraft too. P.S. I told Maud I could not make any promises about going away with her in September. What do you think about that for obedience. Am staying at home for a week from 28 July most likely. Previous", "9th July 1917 Air Devils Fanny to Ethel [in USA]   Balham    9 July 1917 My darling Ethel, I was glad to get your letter on Friday last. It was 18 days coming, I shall send it on to David, and he will be able to answer about the jacket. He is moving again, and he told me he might not be able to write for several days, but I was not to worry. He was well and had been playing football. No doubt you will know before this reaches you that we had another visit of the Air Devils. Yes and close home, but no damage was done here. It is a trying time for all. If all is well I am going to spend a weekend with Frances Bruming at Chesham, going on Wednesday and returning Monday morning. Polly will be here and Nelly and her baby until I come back. I cannot say if Auntie and Uncle worry very much about Minnie, you see it’s been years coming, and they did not heed what her Doctor told them. So now there is no cure, although she is under another specialist. I don’t know how many that makes since they moved. I am sorry for her. But I do not think she would have been so bad if she had done what Dr Constable order he to do. Go out in the mornings all weathers come in and rest and out again, to keep out in the air. She took his medicine, and never went outside the door more than she could help, and now she cannot go out alone. I don’t go over there very often, I find plenty to do. Auntie is looking very well, she still goes to hospital for the light and massage. The rest are well. Cousin Charles is back from Plymouth, I have not seen him. I hear he is well. I heard this morning the damage was bad up his way. I am pleased to say Auntie Bessie is quite her old self again. And in her letter to me, I was to be sure to give her love and a kiss to the dear children. Sophia nerves are bad through these raids, her nerves have not been good since her operation, otherwise she and Alf are well. Your dear children will sleep better when the winter comes, so don’t trouble, as long as they are well. But you seem run down. The lovely sea and country will do you all good. Nellie’s is a good baby girl, she cannot walk alone, yet, she can talk a little. I am well and Polly likewise. I do hope you have got some help. Hoping you all will enjoy yourselves, my love to all. From your Loving Mama Potatoes are 2d per lb. Previous", "7th July 1917 I may be home by September David to May July 7th 1917 I got your letter. (3rd) just as I came off duty about 2 A.M. this morning, so that I almost had two letters in one day. I crawled into my bunk, stuck a candle up just behind my head and then went over two or three times all you described. So you are having a holiday in September. Well I may be able to get home by then – don’t expect it will be before then, but I ought to be going about that time I should think. Where shall we go and what shall we do – I guess I know the answer to the last or at least I know the greater part of it. I am glad you are going out with Miss Willsher and I want you to have as good a time as you can. Wish I could be there and finish up by going down to Beckenham with you. Goodbye. David Previous", "6th July 1917 In the fighting May to David       Friday 6 July 1917 My dear David, We are on the 8.30 but there is no room for you to lie in your favourite position. There is no word from War Office so we are postponing our visit to Somerset House. Heard from Maud last night. She is evidently shocked at thoughts of the picnic. Moreover, an old Datchelor girl, Kate Foale has booked rooms for fortnight from 25 July at Watchet, Somerset, after that she is going to Winchester for 10 days; then in Sept would like to go with me to Goring, near Worthing. Had a p.c. from Mrs Taylor this morning asking me to bring Maud over next Sunday as early as possible. Good soul. We’ll go. I see by the papers you are in the fighting. How I wished I was with you, and how you are glad I’m not. Dulwich. 11.0 We filled up at Dulwich, so I had to take you on my lap and then I got out First Aid. I think we are going to have some practice under the chief’s scrutiny. He will be quite as bad as army colonel. I also had a letter from that farm in Northampton. The lady can’t take anyone in August as she has her relations, so it as well Maud is going to Somerset. Found a letter up here from you this morning. You say I shall not get a letter from you for perhaps 10 days. Specks I’ll imagine you send me one each day, and I specks I’ll get them in the train, and will read them with you in my arms. Very bsuy, must stop. 1.30 It has turned out a lovely day. I have been thinking. On Sunday morning I’ll go to cemetery, and then on from there to Maud’s with my trowel, basket and pots. Won’t she be charmed! I shall not get to her till dinner time and immediately after we will be off to 56. Maud says she has had a letter from you and is very pleased. She moves on the 15 th . I think she is feeling very consequential. Helen and her children came yesterday to tea, and left at 7.5. They were noisy. It made a change for Mama, but I think she was glad when they had gone. She said so. She tried to persuade Mama to go away with Auntie, but didn’t succeed. Auntie gets on everyone’s nerves, as she will talk about her imaginary complaints. She always was a martyr. Your occasional martyrdom is nothing compared with hers. Yesterday one of the temporary girls called in, a Mrs Rogers, whom all like. Her hubby had a post (in the army) up in Edinburgh so she went there after a while in our Edinburgh Branch. He has now been passed as A.1. so she has come to her mother’s home. I asked her if she were going back to Edinburgh; she said No, so I said “Mrs Rogers, you went away looking happy, but you have come back looking even happier.” That did it. I thought she was going to embrace me, but she didn’t. She beamed away and said “I am. I couldn’t be happier; and what has helper me be so happy is that my husband is so pleased. You have no idea how delighted he is” (I think perhaps he must be something like you, only of course not so nearly as good). “So now when he goes across I shall not mind so much as he has left me something to live for. Strange to say my health is much better than it ever was before. Its going to be the making of me.” She was the girl who was the Bank of England clerk before she was married. She finished by saying she had had this extra happiness for 4 months. By the bye, I don’t think you ought to read the above, so please consider it censored off the face of the globe. 5.30 Had a very busy day. Now look. I know you’ll want to write if you only get ½ a chance. But don’t go without sleep or rest on that account. I shan’t have blue canary fits for nothing. Goodbye May Previous", "6th July 1917 Leave comes slowly David to May     July 6th 1917 My Dearest, Just got your Sunday and Monday letters combined. You read my letters just as I intended you to read them. I am sorry you have another girl away with the same old thing and in your own department too. Tom Gayford probably got leave sooner than me. Leave comes so very slowly here, ever so much too slowly. I want to be with you again and I have been thinking what we shall do and what it will be like. I am always at it. Still it is getting gradually nearer. Your description of the painters was awfully funny and your picture of Maud standing up to her brother and making him pay up, fills me with amazement and awe. Sorry I can’t write much. Goodbye. David Previous", "5th July 1917 Bert’s Will May to David    Office  5 July 1917 My dear David, 1.30 and this is the first opportunity I have had of writing to you. I had to go with Ern this morning as he was taking up our deed box, and wanted someone to see he did not forget it or drop it in the river, or something else of that sort, so I had to sit opposite him in a first class compt. And watch. It was such a smooth journey that had I written I am sure you could have read it! Perhaps that would have been tame, though. Guess you prefer the puzzles you get; or can’t you make them out? The deed box is being deposited in our strong room in the basement for a few days, as Mama will have to leave the house to itself at least once. I told you, didn’t I, that I had written to War Office to look in Bart’s pay book to see if he had filled in the will form that I hear is in each book, and to let me know by tomorrow. Also wrote the same thing to Hounslow, Record Office for R.W.K., but so far have had no reply; so in case we do not hear in time for tomorrow, not wanting to give Mama a journey for nothing, I this morning called in at Somerset House, and asked them if necessary could we postpone our visit for the Administration Letters till Friday week or fortnight, and told him the reason, that I had written to War Office, and had received no reply as yet. The man said “Come when you like”, and spoke so courteously. Before I thought he was a bear. Perhaps I smiled at him, either this time or last, and didn’t on the other occasion. Had a nice letter from Mrs. Taylor this morning asking me for the weekend. Have replied that as I sleep with Mama I had better not stay over the night, but would see her some time Sunday, and told her about Maud. Time is up. Last night I knitted. Have almost finished a pair of socks for the Corporal, only he hasn’t written to say he wants them yet. If he doesn’t write I shall have to pass them on to you to get rid of them, but I haven’t made them quite so long in the leg. Perhaps if you don’t want them they might do for one of your men. We did laugh over your letters yesterday. 4.30 Nothing from you yet. Saw Lutt this morning. He transferred one of the supers to our Marine Dept in Old Broad St. She did not approve and came in yesterday and gave Lutt a bit of her mind about it. Said he wasn’t going to risk transferring another girl. So suppose he had better get another in. I said “I knew the very girl you want” (I was thinking of Maud) “but she won’t be ready till 2 months time.” He said “We must have someone at once, but speak to me when your friend is ready to come.” I think it would be a good thing for Maud to go to the Marine Indemnity. May", "5th July 1917 Russians David to May   July 5 th 1917 My Dearest, Just got your letter (Sunday) all about your journey to Somerset House. You poor little girl, what an awful time you are having. I am sorry to hear Mrs Muggridge is still so slowly recovering. Look here don’t worry too much yourself. You are watching Mrs Muggridge all the time, and you know when she sleeps and when she doesn’t, but it seems to me that you are getting no sleep yourself. You’ll be ill if you go on like that. I have just heard about the Russians getting their haul of prisoners. Isn’t it splendid. One of the fellows here had an idea this morning. He said the Allies should push on each front alternatively, then the Germans would begin to take troops from one front to the other alternatively, until at last they would have them coming and going so quickly that they would have an army stuck half way between the two and not know which way to turn, which would give us our chance. We still have some brains in the army! I wish I could take all that worry business off your hands and do it all for you. Goodbye David", "4th July 1917 Sugar is scarce Fanny [David’s mother] to Ethel [David’s sister in USA]    Balham    4 July 1917 My darling Ethel, I expect you are all out enjoying the lovely sunshine with your dear children. Have you anyone to help you. For seaside is work with children, and their many wants. Yet I do hope you will all have an enjoyable time. We have had some grand weather this last week, real seaside sort, made me think of old times. On Monday after finishing at Kent House I went up West, and ordered another cake to be sent to David from you. So I hope he will get it by Sunday. I heard from him on Monday, he is still in the same place and well. We are getting plenty of potatoes now 3 1/2d per lb. And very good. Fruit is dear, but fruit without the sugar is not much and sugar is scarce ½ lb at a time, when we can get it, but we manage alright. I heard that Tommy Archer was improving, his wife went to Glasgow to see him a week ago. Walter Writer is unfit for active service. They were all well at Glen Hoy yesterday, just returned home from the draper’s and dressmaker. I have just heard that the Flying Devils have visited the City E and N. We heard the guns, but said to each other it was practicing on the Common, but it was not so, it was this morning between 11-12 am. Mary Stanley was here, she had been to the Doctor, and it came on to rain. She said, that sounds like bombs. I said no, it’s practice on the Common. She is very well. I think I told you she went to see Mattie, she and Mattie did not get on very well so she packed up and came away, and left Mattie to it. She said it was a lovely baby, and had beautiful presents sent him, in wearing apparel. I asked Mary, what did she give him (Nothing). Mary is coming to Holdons sale tomorrow early, something she is wanting. I hope all of you are well. My love to all, and yourself, From your Loving Mama", "4th July 1917 Don’t expect a letter David to May   July 4 th 1917 I have just found that there is a possibility of this getting posted to you and I have about 2 minutes to scribble it. Haven’t done anything very exciting the last two days. Yesterday we had a parade in the morning and then a night march. Today we haven’t done anything in particular. I will write more tomorrow if possible but don’t expect a letter and I may not be able to write. Had no letter yet but may get it tonight. Goodbye David", "3rd July 1917 On the train in London May to David   Tuesday 3 July 1917 My dear David, Very sorry but we are on the 8.30 again. It can’t be helped as I want to call in at Stores a day this week if possible as next week is their sale, and I can only get 7 lb sugar at a time. It will be impossible to get served next week. There are only 2 old codgers in this compt, but they have their noses buried in papers, no doubt interested in its being Baby week, so you are lying full length. You’ll have to get up at Dulwich. Make yourself comfy; I’ll tell you when we get there. Tunnel. I have to hug you extra much going thro’ that as you are frightened. You see you are my baby, so you can’t help it. Your wanting a kiss between each half sentence is rather a hindrance to writing, but I suppose I had better give way to you. I think yr letters to me are deliciously cheeky (Out of tunnel now, so I needn’t hold you so tightly. No you are not frightened now, it is all bunkum. O, you want a slapping). If the colonel doesn’t enjoy yr letters he is silly and has no bump of humour. Dulwich. Quick. Gently, don’t kick his eyes out. Now here come 2 girls. All sitting on the other side. Thank goodness. I have made you invisible, but you mustn’t cheek me as I can’t stop them from hearing you. Don’t know that I would if I could, must have some peace and quietness some times. The weather has turned glorious again. Uncle wrote to Ethel and me this morning. Fortunately Mama didn’t hear the letter come, so we did not show her. He mentions that he is glad Mama is a little better. That will upset her if she knew as she says she is never going to get better, only worse. I didn’t have time to ring those people yesterday as the letter came too late but will do so today. Herne Hill. Lots of folks waiting on platform. You had better get up. Make yourself small and sit on my lap. No one getting in! Perhaps they thin the compt is spooky. Wish the others did also and get out. Off. No one got in so you can lie full length. If you squeeze me so hard I shall call out and then what will the folks think? No, I know you don’t care. Aren’t you the worry of my life? Do you know, the night before last I almost gouged your eyes out? It was when you were turning me over on the other side. One of my wavers touched your face close to your right eye, so now I have “acquired” one of Ern’s large handkerchiefs and fit it over my head, fastening back my 3 wavers. Mama thinks it is because I am putting cocoanut oil on my hair, and don’t want to grease the sheets. I let her think it. It is going to be hot today. Hadn’t you better get out of my arms and sit up properly? Incorrigible! What would the sergeant say, and the General of Generals? You ask me about my holidays. Well. I ought to have been at home last week and week before really, but we were busy at office and shorthanded, and then perhaps you might get leave and I would like to get time off then if poss. So thought I would be a martyr and go to work. At any rate I shall have a fortnight in Sept. Must put this away now. By the Bye, did I scrunch you too much last night? If so it was your fault, because it was too good of you to send Miss Wiltshire so much for me. I will now write to her and tell her what you say about going out together. She does deserve a treat – a good soul not appreciated. We could not make out the missing words yesterday. Possibly they refer to livestock. 4.30 Nothing from you and no time to write more. Lunch time I wrote to Maud, who wants me at 37 for the whole day next Sunday, and asked her to come out for a picnic on Shirley Hills instead. Picnic on a Sunday too! What will she say? I also suggested going to 56 to tea (unasked). At 1.30. I wrote to Miss Willsher and told her what you said about going out together Goodbe May", "2nd July 1917 Playing Rugby David to May July 2nd 1917 Yesterday a number of the officers started playing Ruby football just outside and of course I joined in too. It was quite good fun although a bit strenuous. I don’t know which side won, the net result as far as I personally was concerned being the skin – taken off one of my shins and a sprained finger. An awful game is Rugby! After that we had dinner and then went out for night operations. The night ops were rather a failure. Two platoons of which mine was one were to take up a position and two other platoons were to send out patrols to find, out all about us and then to attack us. We got there, took up our position and made ready to catch as many of them as possible and then waited. And waited and waited and nothing happened except that after a time we captured two of their men and then a third. After waiting about 2 hours we discovered that the other two platoons had lost themselves or rather had never found us so then we packed up and went back to bed getting there about 1.30. This morning we did physical jerks and after played games again, “Sergeant Major Murphy” being played by special request of the men. This afternoon we were out training again. I had to chase the enemy across country for a while and then to attack them. I did the chasing alright, but they got into such a strong place, that although I attacked them it would have been hopeless to have got at them in reality and we should have all been wiped out long before we got these. There are night ops again tonight. We are enjoying ourselves. David July 2 nd 1917 My Dearest, No letter from you today but I rather expected that, although I looked out for one. I tried on the socks and they are just right with enough room to allow for shrinkage. I went out last night again and had a small bonfire all to myself. Have you anything to do with the Marine business or is this to be entirely separate? I am very glad you have got your girls back again and that no more have got bad. You don’t say anything about holidays. When are you going? I may not be able to get a letter off to you for the next week or so perhaps 10 days, so if you don’t get one, don’t get worried. Of course I shall write if I can. I shall get yours alright. Goodbye David", "1st July 1917 pm Old and daft painters May to David        On Penge Station  Sunday 1 July 1917 1.10pm My dear David, Like a blooming ejjut I stuck your envelope down and now discover I have 12 mins to spare. Never mind. This must go tomorrow. I must tell you about our painters. They have not done yet. There are 5 of them, old and daft, who spend the day getting at one another. They are awfully slow and independent. On the day of “The Fete” a lot of well dressed ladies went down the road to Kelsey Park. In spite of the threatening sky, distant thunder and occasional rain drops they were bedecked in the daintiest of muslins. There was a man up a ladder painting my bedroom window and another up a ladder painting Ethel’s. Mama was down in the diningroom and this is what she heard the old fools say: “Seems a lot of females about this afternoon. Where do they all come from.” “O, there’s a munition factory close by, tho’ I don’t rightly knows exactly where.” “Ah.” “Look at that in the grey. She don’t look so bad now. I rather likes the looks of them flounces. Yes, she’ll do.” The female in question was an important looking matron with a lovely pale grey dress with 3 flounces; quite a creation, and she must have heard the remarks unless she was stone deaf, as the men spoke loudly and slowly. Here’s the train. Goodbye for awile again. Give me a kiss quick as I must go up the other end of the platform. We are at present hidden by the waiting room. O I am hungry. Give me a bite of your nose. What, too tender? Spose I must go into the garden and eat worms then. Monday. In 8.30 train with 5 females (no good – you’ll have to behave yourself. Yes I know it is extremely hard on you. I caught the 3.19 yesterday and reached Maud’s at 4.0. Lor, she does look thin and worn out but seemed excited at seeing me. She said she had not had time to write to you, so I told her I had done it and no doubt she would hear from you when you had time to write. She has found room in the Abberville Rd, 3 rooms and a bathroom, the house is owned by a widow who has the downstairs, rent 10/6 a week. She expects to move in by Friday fortnight. The nurse leaves tomorrow and then Maud will feel lonely. This nurse is a brick and saw about funeral etc, told Maud about money matters and took her rooms. Brother John wants to buy some furniture, which is all left to Maud, and he is having all the rubbish for which he is paying £6.10/- not cash down as he has already been trying to borrow from Maud, who flared up at him and refused. The Dr has told Maud she ought to go to seaside for 6 weeks but as prices are so exorbitant she says she can’t afford it. I have suggested she goes to a farm for a month, and winds up with a fortnight in Sept at the sea, and she likes the idea. I have an address of a place in Northampton where they take paying guests so will write today. John is sending for furniture on Wednesday. Maud is going to sleep next door then. She has bought herself a new bedstead, hat rack and bookcase and a lot of clothes, and has discovered she loves spending. 11.0 Your letter of 26 th was waiting for me at office. So you are now on the coast. You dodge about so much that I can’t trace you. Can you see our coast on a clear day? When you grow rich you will have to have a horse and I will have a donkey chaise. Another case of mumps, one of my hopefuls worse luck. That letter that came from you this mg: I ought to have had that last Friday so I stand a chance of getting 3 more from you today! That’s the best of missing a day or two. Look here, I’ve just seen Tom Gayford; came home yesterday for 10 days leave. It isn’t fair, as I believe he went out after you. I must write to the Govt about it. I have just taken £19-19-0. Now what shall we buy? 4.30 A grand budget of letters from you this afternoon, 27,28 & 29. I must puzzle out those missing words. Sounds as tho’ you are in Belgium now. The colonel must grin over yr letters. Have just written to War Office asking them to look in Bert’s paybook for a will. They won’t let us have it without probate or Letters of Administration. Awfully busy so Goodbye May", "1st July 1917 am Geraniums in the Cemetery May to David    In waiting room, Beckenham  Sunday 10.0 [1 July 1917] My dear David, This is the first opportunity I have had of writing to you. Am now off to cemetery and have 5 mins to wait. On Thursday I caught our 6.0 train, but something went wrong with the works as it stopped on the wrong line at Loughboro’ and the porter called out “change for Herne Hill”; so I changed and so did nearly everyone else. The station master was on the main platform and he said there was a breakdown in Penge tunnel and it may be hours before a train got thro’, so that those who could walk had better do so. I then went back to the loop line platform and took the next train to Ravensbourne. It was very slow and finally turned me out at Nunhead. However another train came along and I reached home 1 hour late. Mama of course was worried. It was drizzling with rain, but you held the umbrella right over me so that I did not get wet. Of course I was cross with you, for which I got some cheek. That day was the day of the fete. The local paper said that Princess Patricia made the people understand why she was so popular, and then went on to say she arrived late, stayed a very short time, and announced that she wanted the affair to be as quiet as possible and no fuss!!! Here is the train. No empty compt. This will do. Only a boy in it and I have brought the magic dust with me. Gently you are smashing the breath out of my body. Kent House. He’s got out. Stand in the window and scowl. O too late. Here come 3 youths in flannels and a picnic basket. You can’t be full length now. What, you don’t mind? That’s right. Been aching for you. Now how far had I got? O yes. Thursday night Mama did not sleep a wink and on Friday we had to give her brandy before we started off to Somerset House. We caught the 9.30 fast to Victoria. Twice at Somerset House she almost broke down and could not speak, and while waiting in one room she almost fainted. Then as a climax, the last man we saw told her that as there was no Will all four of us would have to share equally. Thought Mama would collapse that time so promptly told the man that Mama should have everything and that I didn’t care 2d for the law when it went against my brother’s wish. There’s nothing like a temper for overcoming hysteria, and I quietly worked up Mama’s temper about the law. The man (who really was a decent sort and rather young) had the gumption to see how upset and ill Mama was, said to me “I think you and your sister had better be sureties and then your mother need only to be troubled once more; will you all three come here at 12.15 next Friday. You will not be kept waiting then.” We had waited 1 ½ hours in one room to have our name called out. I fancy after next Friday Ethel and I can manage everything tho’ the man warned me it will be no easy job. We just caught the 12.23 home, and then gave Mama some brandy and port mixed. In the evening Ern got 6 bottles of champagne. Friday afternoon Mama who was a bit hysterical said we must all make wills, and not leave her anything as she could not go thro’ this again. (In the cemetery). So as Ethel went to work on Saturday and I didn’t, I asked her to bring home will forms which she did. I am going to leave everything to Ethel and write a note and attach to will, saying it is my express wish that all I leave goes to benefit Mama during her life time and Ethel will spend the dividends on her. Ethel is leaving everything nominally to me with a similar note. Ethel said “I guess your money will be spent on port and champagne as we both like them, and Mama would never buy them herself.” Of course if I get married my will is “null and void”. During Friday evening Mama brightened up considerably, and slept a little that night. On Saturday too she seemed alright. We had a busy day. I wanted to go to cemetery but it was too windy so I have come today and planted geraniums. Ten more to come up. Did a lot of needlework yesterday and did some more of your lace. It is lovely. Mama slept up to 3.0 this morning, and would have slept longer but last night’s lobster woke her up. She seems very well this morning. Am going to Maud’s this afternoon. Mustn’t stop longer now, or will lose my train. Goodbye May Band is playing lovely on Rye.", "1st July 1917 Rained and rained David to May     July 1st 1917 Yesterday we were to have done all sorts of things, but it blew and blew and rained and rained practically all day, so that we did very little. I spent most of the afternoon and evening tracing a map, but didn’t get it finished because it was taken away from me before I had time. We were to have night operations last night but it was still raining, so that was cancelled. This morning we went to church, the service being held in the same hall as the concert the other evening. Since then there has been nothing to do except this afternoon when the men went for a bath. The night operations which have been put off twice are to come off tonight. I have just lost one of my best men again. That’s the worst of the army. You get your men together just as you want them and sorted out and working together and then suddenly one goes into hospital for something or other (one man the other day put his knee out whilst bayonet fighting and is now in England) and you probably don’t see him again and then they want a man for working on the roads, or for the tunnelling company, or to guard prisoners of war, or to pray for the General’s soul or some other equally unimportant thing, (I am not in the least interested in any of these things and am therefore perfectly certain they are not important) and they must take your men and they must take your best men too. In this case I am sorry to lose the man, but he has gone to a job which will give him more money and I know he wants it as his father has just died and I know he sends the greater part of his money to his mother, so for that I am rather glad he has got the job. Must go now. Goodbye. David July 1 st 1917 My Dearest, Just got your two letters 27 th and 28 th so evidently I got Tuesdays alright. Your socks have come and as usual are splendid. I haven’t put them on yet, but they look alright. By the way a day or so ago you asked if I would loike them with shorter legs for the summer. I like them just as you make them, with the leg pretty long as they are most comfortable like that. It is good of you to do them. I woke up about 6 this morning but as there was only church parade I didn’t get up until after 8 and even then I kept putting it off and putting it off until I simply had to drag myself away. I know that you are perfectly capable of writing “in a sensible manner” but if you dare….. Goodbye David Now don’t go and do it just because I have written that.", "30th June 1917 No death duties David to May    June 30th 1917 Yesterday morning after doing some drill in getting gas masks on quickly and having them inspected, we went out and did some more training. I had to do another attack on a German position and of course I and the whole of the platoon were killed many times before we got there, or at least so I was told but when you are attacking a man with a pair of field glasses, or a blue flag, it is difficult to imagine that that same blue flag is simply pouring bullets into you with machine guns. And then again everybody imagines something different so that no two people’s ideas are alike and each one is certain that his own particular idea is the correct one. Always after these sort of affairs there are tremendous arguments, in which nobody is ever converted to the other’s opinion but is still more firmly convinced that his own scheme was right. In the afternoon we went bathing again. We are remarkably lucky here, as the men can bathe practically every day and besides this there is a very good bath in the camp itself with plenty of hot water. In the evening there was a battalion concert. The first portion of the programme was not bad but was very similar to the last on. The second half was done by five of the officers dressed as pierrots, the costumes consisting of their pyjamas with small black pieces of fluff stuck on here and there. All except me, who was got up as a girl with the usual short dress on, but you never saw such a funny girl. He had got a weird and wonderful headdress on and he had been padded out and after a bit his stuffing slipped down, greatly adding to his charming appearance. They sang and did various other things including one or two skits on things in the battalion and then they took a number of the officers and made up a small rhyme on some characteristic of each. Finally they wound up with a comic sketch called “Chu Chin Chow of China”. This time they were got up in some wonderful costumes with steel helmets on, which made quite good Chinese hats. They fooled about a good deal and finally Chu Chin Chow (whose costume consisted of a bathing suit in red and black rings with a sort of red overall over it) was stabbed by the girl and he fell dead with the words “She’s done me in”. Then they did a war dance over his body in which after a minute or so he got up and joined in too. Today I am orderly officer so have had the usual round of inspections. We haven’t done much in the way of work this morning (it has been raining pretty hard) except some gas drill and inspections of kit and equipment and so on, but we are going out this afternoon and there are night operations this evening. Dave June 30 th 1917 My Dearest, Just got your letter 26 th which by the way you say was Wed and if was so I haven’t yet had Tuesday’s letter. I think perhaps though you made a mistake on the day but the date is correct. I don’t in the least mind missing the “scenery” and when we are etc etc of course we shall do exactly the same, only you mustn’t pitch me on the floor without due notice. As for “getting your own back” by writing in that way – I call it hitting a fellow when he can’t help himself. I’m an awful martyr. With regard to Bert’s affairs: I don’t think you are liable for death duties as he was killed out here. Goodbye David", "29th June 1917 Read & Brigstock David to May  June 29th 1917 My Dearest, No letter from you today and I expected one. Wonder what the delay is this time. I had a letter from Miss Willsher giving a time and exact account of the money she spent. She seems to have some change left and wants to know what she shall do with it. Don’t you think you might get tickets for a concert or something of the sort, or the two of you go out and spend it in some way you like best (there is about 19/-). And, 0 yes, she also says that she “thinks you will never again tease or torment me”. What’s happened? Are you ill, or has some extraordinary change come over you? I also had a letter from Read & Brigstock. Of course, just as I have worried you with the thing. They seem to have mixed things up. From what I can make out they seem to have bought 10 shares on June 6th, but they did not tell me of this or perhaps their letter went astray. Then they received my letter asking them to buy the shares at anything under 40/- and mistook this for a further order for another 10 and bought these on the 25th. So now I am asking them what it is all about. I am enclosing my letter of 27th which was stopped. Goodbye. David", "28th June 1917 Letter writing David to May June 28th 1917 Letter writing in these times is an awful thing, or perhaps, looking at it the other way on, has to be reduced to a fine art and its no ordinary person who can write a letter (unless it be one ordering a pair of boots or a cap) without much thought and consideration. Yesterday, in the innocence of my heart I apparently mentioned things as I didn’t oughter and in consequence have had the letter returned and have had to scratch out the offending words, so that now instead of a letter you have a missing word puzzle. It doesn’t make sense so that you will have to use your imagination and fill in the scratchings as you think fit. Till now I have been writing just the first thing that came into my head, but now I must think over each sentence three times before sticking it down and then having done so, find that it tells you some military secret, or that I have mentioned    [censored]   course I shouldn’t like others to read, and so have to tear the whole thing up and start all over again. It’s an awful strain – no wonder I am going grey. We were up just after 5 this morning and went out to do some shooting but it was raining fairly hard and seemed as though it would continue so that before we got to the range we turned tail and came back. I believe we are doing it this afternoon instead and there are night operations of some sort tonight. Yesterday we all went bathing again and afterwards I went for a ride. It wasn’t much of a success though, as I had a most uncomfortable horse. It was the learned one, the one that always carries a map with it and reads the finger posts to see the nearest road home and then when you don’t turn back just when it thinks you should, takes it out of you by shying at every mortal thing. June 28th 1917 My Dearest, Such a nice letter (25th) from you today, especially the first part, (the train journey and the reason it’s a good thing you are not tall). I wish I could write like that but I can’t. You seem to have your doubts as to whether Mrs. Anstey allowed herself to be buried, or whether she suddenly woke up at the last minute and came back to be “very kind and patient” to Maud. The socks haven’t come yet but there were no parcels today so perhaps they will come tomorrow. Now I am going to get you to do something more for me. You remember I bought some Malayalam Rubber Shares some time ago (to be exact on April 30th). At the end of May I asked Read & Brigstock, 5 Lothbury, to buy 10 more at 38/6 or under, sending them a cheque for £19. They acknowledged the cheque on May 29th and said they couldn’t buy them at the price. Since then I have written twice asking them to buy them at 40/- or under but have heard nothing further. Since then also I have seen the shares quoted below 38/-. I wish you would ring them up and find out what they are doing. Probably, the order being small they haven’t worried their heads about it. The “narrative” has been held up, but I may be able to send it tomorrow. Goodbye. David", "27th June 1917 Fashionable hotel David to May  June 27th 1917 We are billeted in huts again, but such huts that with a small stretch of imagination you might think you were in a most fashionable hotel in the heart of London. They are divided off into rooms, mine being about 6 feet by 8. It is furnished in the most costly, not to say luxurious style, the furniture consisting of a small table covered with a piece of brown paper by way of a doyley, (isn’t that the word) a cane chair, (it stands or rather reclines on three legs so that you have to sit against the wall to make up for the fourth) a handsome and charming set of bookshelves, (made out of ration boxes) two other small shelves and about two dozen nails driven in in a beautiful pattern all round the room. There is no carpet on the floor, but it is most smoothly   [censored]   the cracks in the walls and everywhere else it can and doesn’t by any means confine itself to the floor. The partitions are decorated with sundry pairs of breeches, coats, haversacks, towels etc. etc. and my valise is stretched down the centre of the floor, so that you can fall over it at any moment. This morning we were to have gone out to do some shooting but somebody else had got the range so that we couldn’t. Instead we did physical drill for a while, and then I started my platoon playing various things. We first of all had a relay race, half the platoon against the other half. Then I started them on each other’s backs one against the other the idea being for each pair to pull the other down. After that we had. “Sergeant Major Murphy says” which is a game in which you drill the men, prefacing each command with “Sergeant Major Murphy says __                ” upon which the men act on the command, but if you give a command without this they stand still. Of course you catch a number both ways and they fall out until you only have about 2 or 3 remaining. It is all rather good fun and the men thoroughly enjoy it. After that we had bayonet fighting and then some practice in fire control. Must stop now. David June 27 th 1917 My Dearest, I have been obedient again, (obedience is so ingrained now that I can’t help myself) and have carried out your instructions to the letter and written to Maud. I offered her my heartfelt congratulations, telling her at the same time that you had told me to do so. You did, didn’t you? Later Just got your letter (23 rd ). I am glad you didn’t go up on Saturday, but you don’t seem to take a holiday for all that. Thanks very much for buying those things for me. I wish you would keep the receipt for me. It doesn’t matter about the dividends going to Balham as I have asked Mum to open all letters for me and she pays all these things into my London County Bank account. It is good of you to take all the trouble you do with those socks and to allow for the Belgian method of washing them. You will have to be thanked very thoroughly tonight. Goodbye David", "26th June 1917 Colonel playing polo David to May     June 26th 1917 Last evening after sending your letter off I went for a bathe. I thought it was going to be rather cold but it wasn’t, the water being fairly warm and the wind only was somewhat chilly. Afterwards McDowell and I went for a ride. We rode out a little way and then got down on to the beach and went for a gallop. McDowell’s horse was very nervous of the water and previous to starting he had made a bet that he would ride in so we both went. My horse (much to my relief) didn’t mind it in the least and went in quite quietly, but McDowell’s didn’t like it a bit and jumped around and wanted to go anywhere but straight on, but finally he did get her right in. We rode on again and after a while tried the same thing again and this time he didn’t have as much difficulty. Coming back we were flying along, when we suddenly came across a stream running right across in front and for a second I thought my horse was going to pull up short, but luckily for me it didn’t but went on beautifully. A bit further on we came across the colonel who was playing polo, but his horse didn’t take kindly to the game, so he borrowed McDowell’s which turned out to be much better. Today we have been out training again, doing much about the same sort of work as yesterday. At first I took up a position and was attacked by one of the other platoons and afterwards we reversed, the order of things and attacked them. As usual in both cases both sides won. This afternoon we all went bathing again and I, and I think everyone, thoroughly enjoyed it. Must stop now as the post is going. David June 26 th 1917 My Dearest, There is no mail today and in consequence I am thirsting for somebody’s blood. However it may come later so I haven’t yet given up all hope. I haven’t much to write about today and besides as the post goes early in the afternoon now, there is very little time to write. Goodbye David", "25th June 1917 Tremendous imagination David to May  June 25th 1917 We have been out this morning doing battle, murder and sudden death, or in other words, training. We marched out some distance, not a very great way, but marching here takes time and is pretty tiring as even where there is loose dusty sand, ankle deep, which makes it pretty hard going. The roads, where there are any, consist of a strip of pave or cobbles with a stretch of this loose sand on either side so that you have the choice of marching on the cobbles, which is not by any means comfortable, or in the sand and in any case you frequently have to get off the road for the traffic. Having got to our starting point, I was told to carry out an attack with my platoon across country on a strong position, bristling with machine guns and Germans, (represented by an officer sitting on the top of a mound taking notes of the way we did it). We advanced, killed all the Germans, captured all the machine guns and generally wiped the whole thing off the face of the earth. Of course I am not at all sure that we weren’t all killed before we got there, but in these things you have to have such a tremendous imagination and in any case both sides always win – or say they do. You remember what a dilapidated, heart-broken, and forlorn appearance Seaford had – well this place reminds me of that, only this is far more scattered and more forlorn. David June 25 th 1917 My Dearest, My servant gave me your Wednesday’s letter first thing this morning. Where it had been to I haven’t the least idea, but still it was very nice to get it like that, and to know that I should probably get another today. As I read it I went over that train journey again, with a good many additions of my own and enjoyed it all so much that I forgot the time, until I suddenly realized that I had ¾ hour to get up, breakfast, and get on parade. It was an awful nuisance, as it spoilt a most lovely day dream. I am glad that the new girl is doing well but I wish you weren’t so busy. When are you going to have your holiday. 4.30 Your letter of 22 nd just arrived. Look here, don’t go away with Maud – have a holiday – a thing which you won’t have if you do go away with her. Now I must stop as this has to go along to be censored and stuck down. We have to sign them on the outside. I think your Russian style of writing is funny, but I would much rather have the whole thing in full instead of the blanks, but then your letters are not censored. Goodbye David PS Dear Madam, In reply to your enquiry of the 20 th inst, I beg to state that I do still want to marry you, the fact of your being an ogre merely acting as a further inducement. I am, Yours obediently (as always) DH Taylor", "24th June 1917 Cast away with platoon David to May  June 24th 1917 I have been cast away (with my platoon) on a desert island as it were. I was just settling down in my billet when I was told to take my platoon and myself and go off and take over job which meant that I was to be away entirely on my own and that the platoon was to do its own cooking etc. etc. and in fact that we were to be entirely self contained, So off I went. I found that we were to live in two empty houses, or parts of them about half a mile apart. Having found the first one I settled half the platoon with a sergeant and went on to the next. I made all the necessary arrangements here and then went back. I am afraid I then upset the sergeant for when I got there I found that he and two corporals had put all their belongings into my room, evidently with the idea of sharing it. Now this particular sergeant is one of those people who always seem to be hanging round and on the slightest encouragement tries to become a bosom friend, so that I am constantly having to keep him at arms length. He was therefore very upset when I told him to take everything out and go elsewhere. I was in and out all through the night (the job we were doing had to be done at night). It was a glorious night but rather cold and I could have done with your woolly waistcoat but I had left it in my valise and so of course couldn’t have it. I got the cook to make some tea for the men about 12 o’clock. This was some extra tea over and above their rations, but the cook always seems, in some mysterious fashion, to be able to produce extra tea. This morning (Sunday) I had a rifle inspection and got a whole lot of litter and mess left by previous people cleared up and then I took the men bathing. The water was quite shallow and they went in whilst I stood on the edge and looked at them (something like the old hen and the ducklings the other day). I have had visits from various people during the day, the colonel amongst others, just to see how things were. My spell of duty ends this evening when I return to my normal state again. Later Thanks for the copy of Cpl Yeoman’s letter. It confirms my idea that this man is right and the others wrong. David David to May   June 24 th 1917 My Dearest, You haven’t had a letter for days and I expect by this time you are beginning to imagine all sorts of things. As a matter of fact I haven’t been able to get the letters off or you would have had them. I did however manage to send a post card which I hope you got. During the next week or two I may not be able to write regularly so if several days go by without a letter, don’t worry. Of course I shall write if I can. I too have had nothing from you for 3 days so I am hoping for a whole bunch when they do come. Later I have just got back and found a letter Thurs 21 st , Wednesday’s hasn’t come yet. Wonder what they are doing with it. I am sorry you are so busy. Have you still a number of girls away. You do make our train journeys real. When I read them I am “there” – both sides. Goodbye David", "22nd June 1917 Farmhouse billet David to May  June 22nd 1917 The last day or two we have been getting up about 2 o’clock or soon after having breakfast and then going for a route march with the idea of getting it over before the sun got up and made things too hot. It so happened though that the sun didn’t get up but the rain descended and the floods came and having no umbrellas we got wet. Just lately we have been billeted at a farmhouse. The French farms beat anything you ever saw for filth. I don’t think they ever clear anything up and in fact seem to go out of their way to collect it. The farm buildings are usually built round a square courtyard and in the centre there is sort of a pool hollowed out and into this all the refuse is thrown and allowed to rot. You can just imagine the state the place gets into and the way it smells. Added to all this they usually have their wells within a few feet of this heap of filth. How it is that they haven’t all died of typhoid years ago I can’t tell, but it seems to agree with them somehow. At one of these farms there were a number of tiny ducklings evidently been hatched by a hen, and she was fussing around them and telling them what they should do arid what they shouldn’t, but they simply took no notice but put their fingers to their noses and went into a pond where of course she couldn’t follow and had to stand on the edge and tell them what would happen if they didn’t do as they were told. My present bed is a wonderful affair. It looks something like a large rustic basket on legs. It is just a shallow basket made with thin branches of trees woven together and the whole thing propped up on some thicker stumps. It originally had a mattress on top (a large sack filled with straw) but I have removed that thinking I should probably spend a quieter night without it and so have simply got my valise which makes quite a comfortable bed. It has rained practically all day today but we have had very little to do, so that it has made very little difference, except make the place look somewhat desolate. This must be a dismal sort of country in winter! David David to May    June 22 nd 1917 My Dearest, I can’t write – I am in much too bad a temper for that and I feel like swearing. All our letters in future are possibly to be censored by the colonel. Apparently an officer can be trusted to censor other people’s letters but can’t be allowed to censor his own. How can one write as one feels knowing it is liable to be read before it leaves here. I have your two letters 18 th and 19 th . I do think you might tell me what it was I whispered on Sunday morning. You tell me everything else and then leave that out. You will let me know won’t you? I thought your holiday started on the 16 th ? Why aren’t you taking it, you know you need it badly. I can’t understand that lace not turning up before. I sent it off with the letter I wrote telling you it was coming. Still I am glad you have got it. There is no letter from you today but possibly it will come later this evening. Goodbye David", "21st June 1917 No chance to write David to May  [card]   [21 June 1917] Haven’t had a chance to write today. As our letters have now to be sent in to be censored they may be delayed a day. D.", "19th June 2017 Officers’ letters censored David to May  June 19th 1917 I only got as far as the printing of the maps. They had a regular printing works, the maps being turned out by the thousand. We then went back and then came the question of saddling the horses again. Never having saddled a horse in my life before of course I knew all about it. However I managed to put the saddle on the right way up, but whether it was on the right part of the horse’s back I didn’t know, but I strapped it on, said goodbye and mounted the horse and then immediately the saddle slipped round under the horses tummy. I had pulled the girths up as tight as they would go but I think he must have gone into a rapid consumption whilst we were having dinner because I pulled the straps up as far as they would go and still the saddle slipped, so that finally McDowell had to hang on to one side whilst I climbed up the other. We then rode back. Most of these villages are paved with cobbles and the horses were slipping and sliding at every step but he didn’t throw me off so I got back alright. Today we went out for a run first thing this morning and afterwards spent the whole morning on the range. It was baking hot but we had no coats on so that made things somewhat better. In the afternoon there was a bayonet fighting competition. I had some men in for it but none of them won anything, although they were fairly near the top. I left out a page of yesterday’s letter and am enclosing it today. David June 19 th 1917 I have just heard that our letters (that is the officers letters) are to be censored by the colonel. Isn’t it perfectly – well there aren’t no words. I shall be reduced to writing field cards soon. Don’t expect a letter for a couple of days as we are going for a long march and I don’t expect I shall be able to post one. I am enclosing a letter from Ethel to Mum. Don’t want it back. As you will see Ethel is economising in every possible direction. That reminds me. I see that there are still Exchequer Bonds for sale through the post office and as I have about £25 in the County Bank lying idle I may as well buy some more. Would you mind getting me £20 of the 1919 Exchequer Bonds. I am enclosing a cheque for £20. Goodbye David PS I have crossed the cheque but the P.O. should take it.", "18th June 1917 Saint’s Day procession David to May  June 18th 1917 I think I had got as far as the procession yesterday. Certainly it was a gorgeous affair. First of all I walked down the road sometime before the thing was due to start and found that they had erected a sort of temporary altar just outside the village by the side of the road. Three steps led up to it and then there was a small table with candles burning and flowers and so on. About 3 o’clock the procession came along (I had gone inside but I saw it from my window). First of all came four girls dressed in white with gilt crowns and a sort of bridal veil over the whole lot. Then a number of small children also in white, then a girl in a wonderful costume of red, white and blue then more small children in white, then four girls in white carrying a figure of the Virgin on their shoulders, more children, four more girls carrying another figure on their shoulders, then girls with banners and following these an old fat priest in a wonderful cloth of gold dress and walking under a golden canopy held over him by four more girls in white. Then followed a number of old men in black and behind these a number of the village people and bringing up the rear of the whole thing were several of our ammunition wagons who were in a hurry to get by and couldn’t. You rather wondered that a small village such as this could produce such a show and how they managed to get money enough to provide the costumes etc. The church bell had been banging at intervals for about 2 hours so I suppose it all stood for a good deal but I couldn’t make out what. Being Sunday and a day of rest there was a boxing competition for the men in the late afternoon and I went and watched it for a little while but boxing isn’t to my taste so I didn’t stay long. Instead I went off with McDowell for a ride. We rode into a town close by, or rather perhaps a larger village. This place is on the top of a steep conical hill and just as we got to the top I saw the flat country beyond with a slight mist over it looking for all the world like the sea. McDowell wanted to see a man he knew, so after going about from place to place for half an hour we eventually found him. He was on the staff and as we arrived about dinner time he asked us to dinner so that I found myself sitting beside all sorts of gorgeous people with red tabs and blue tabs all over them. Before going into the mess we had to do something with our horses so not being able to find a better place we took their saddles off and tied them up to some trees in the front garden. This staff man was an Engineer (in civil life a surveyor) and his job was preparing maps of the front showing the German trenches. He took us round his offices and we saw these maps being printed. The post corporal has just turned up so I must stop. David", "17th June 1917 Sister’s support from USA David to [his sister] Ginger [Mrs Ethel Linn in the USA] 17 th June 1917 Dear Ginger, Mum sent another Buzzard cake from you on my birthday, such a fine one too. Thanks very much indeed. I also got another lot of papers from you. I have been unable to write before as we get very little time for letter writing and have been moving about from place to place a good deal which makes things worse. In your last letter you asked my idea about a sleeveless jacket you are making. I wouldn’t trouble to make them as the troops are served out with woollen cardigans by the army and also leather waistcoats so that they are pretty well provided that way. We can however always do with socks as they are always wearing out and sometimes we can’t get them a fresh pair for 3 or 4 weeks together and of course they want a change pretty frequently and sometimes they don’t get a chance to wash them. You ask too about home leave – this is a very doubtful thing out here. My turn should come round in about a couple of months but whether I shall get it is quite a different matter. Another thing you ask is how long parcels take to reach me. The last one got here in just over a fortnight. I am afraid this letter will only be short as the post is just going. Yours David", "17th June 1917 Generals go to Church David to May June 17th 1917 Had a lazy day today. I went or rather the whole lot of us went to church this morning. The church being the middle of a field. Our own particular general came too. Generals it seems go to church sometimes as well as the ordinary Tommy. After that I had to go to see an addition fitted to our gas helmets which stops anything and everything in the way of gas getting into your lungs so now I suppose when the Germans send over some gas you just ask for some more. These helmets are not the acme of comfort though as they are made with elastic bands which fit tight round under your chin and over your head. You have a rubber tube stuffed between your teeth, a wire clip on your nose, and you look like a member of the Spanish Inquisition and feel worse. The men have gone to the baths to day but I didn’t have to take them. Today is a Saints day I believe (most days are here) and I have just seen a wonderful procession but I can’t describe it as the post is just going. David June 17 th 1917 My Dearest, I have just got your letters 13 th and 14 th . Look here, when these blessed German air raids are on, please don’t go up on to the roof or any place like that. I know it’s very nice to see things, but what should I do if you got hurt. What made you wake up wondering if life were worth living – was it anything in particular or did you feel humpy? Well, come here – there is that nice – feel humpy now? I am awfully glad to get your letter because I heard that the raid was in London and wondered if you were safe. Yes I get all your letters, as I check all the dates but sometimes they come irregularly. I am awfully sorry that letter went to No. 5 Manor Rd. I am usually very careful about checking the address, in case they should go astray. Look here, you mustn’t worry about things in my letters and image I am going into action, and so on. As a matter of fact we were only in reserve and miles away from the show and weren’t wanted and so didn’t go near it. And if you write shorter letters or tease me any more, Ill – I’ll – well I’ll hug you hard next time I get the chance. I do hope you get your war bonus and I hope it was be as much as you deserve (only they never give you enough) and I think we must buy a daughter – and a son. Goodbye David", "16th June 1917 Two horses David to May  June 16th 1917 Don’t expect you will get this letter when you should, because I shall not be back in time to post it. Last night I went out riding with the same man as before, (McDowell) but we could not stay out long as he was orderly officer (he really should not have left the billets) and had to mount the guard. So just as we got to the village I took his horse and he walked in while I led his horse back to prevent questions being asked by the colonel. On the way I had to pass C Company’s mess and I had just gone by when Hill (who is now Captain of C Company) rushed out and yelled “I say Sandy what are you doing with two horses when you cant manage one”. Then of course seeing that I had as much as I could do to hang on to both of them, (I expect I looked something like the raw recruit that one sees in Punch) he wanted me to turn round as he had something very particular to talk about. I yelled back over my shoulder (one of the horses was pulling like steam) that I didn’t in the least want to talk to him, in fact he was the last person I wanted to talk to, at the moment, and went on or rather was taken on. However, I got them back to the transport lines handed over McDowell’s horse and then went out again by myself. I took all the side roads and lanes I could find with the idea of keeping the horse on soft ground and then I lost myself or rather got further away than I intended and had to take a wide circle to get back. On the way I came across some tractors pulling some heavy guns and my horse didn’t like the look of them a bit and I thought I was going to have some trouble, but I managed to get it past them alright and finally got back – very late for dinner. This morning we were up at 4.30 and started marching at 6 o’clock. We have marched 12 miles and are now in some woods resting, having had lunch. The men marched very well indeed and we only had one man fall out from this company and he was from my platoon. He had some excuse as his boots were being repaired and those he had on were about 4 sizes too big. We are to have an inspection of gas helmets and then start back in the later afternoon and so of course I shall not be able to post this. Whether we shall get the men back as well, remains to be seen. Later We got back about 9.30. They came back a bit shorter way, knocking off a couple of miles or so. I only had two men fall out on the way back which was good as others had more. Two others told me they would have to, but I managed to get them along and they both came in, one of them however dropped just before we got in and had to be carried the last few yards. David June 16 th 1917 My Dearest, We are resting in some woods and whenever I get into these sort of places I think of Hayes and want you more than ever. It is tremendously hot and marching in full kit doesn’t help one to keep cool, but still beyond the fact that I have got pretty wet with perspiration I haven’t felt the march a great deal. Later I have just had a cold bath, supper, and am now lying or rather sitting in bed. Come on then, if I must, I must – there, is that how you want me – O yes, you know I want to be there! Goodbye David P.S. There was no mail today and I am enclosing a cutting from Punch which rather illustrates the feeling one has when there is no letter from you.", "15th June 1917 Cold bath David to May  June 15th 1917 Yesterday after posting your letter I went out to play rounders with the men. We played against No.6 platoon and got beaten by one point. We had just finished the game when our General of Generals walked into the field. There were several tents in the field which some of the men are using and they had their kits packed outside. They had just had a meal and there were a good many pieces of paper lying about and also he found a half finished pot of jam tucked away in one of the tents. This is a fearful crime as all food has to be most carefully kept under cover because of flies. I was rather quaking at these things as I was company orderly officer and had been round only two hours before and found everything quite alright but he only pointed out that it should be cleared up and then went away. The other day he stopped the leave of all the officers of one battalion over something like this. After this one of the other fellows and myself went for a ride. He is a very good rider and I picked up quite a number of things from him. The country about here is not nearly so good for riding as that near our railway, as it is all cultivated, so that you can’t ride across country and unless you get on a track running across a farm it is impossible to gallop, as you have to keep to the roads. I had a different horse this time and he allowed me to stay on his back the whole time and I thoroughly enjoyed it. While we were out we went to an areodrome and watched the areoplanes coming in. There were a number of them and as the other man said it seemed just like a swarm of bees. This morning we went out for our usual walk and run before breakfast. Came back had a cold bath in my canvas tea cup (I believe I got wet all over) had breakfast and then spent the rest of the morning at musketry. We had men out in the country in front of us hidden in hedges etc. who occasionally fired blank shots at us and we had to pick them out and fire at them. Afterwards the colonel came along and we had some criticism on what we were doing and I got mixed up in an argument with him. I always seem to be doing this. This afternoon there is an inspection by the colonel so I expect he will find something wrong somewhere. Then this evening we are practicing bayonet fighting for a competition which comes off on Sunday. David June 15 th 1917 My Dearest, I have got your letter 12 th . Yes I know I had my birthday kiss or kisses and then you hugged me ever so nicely and then you turned round slightly and caressed me. You are a darling aren’t you. I am glad you are getting extra help from the temporary girls but doesn’t this make a lot of work for you teaching them. That new girl sounds as though she is going to be alright but I notice that your chiefs have had to raise the salary. I suppose that was your doings. Must go out and parade now. Goodbye David", "14th June 1917 Corporals know what happens David to May     June 14th 1917 I have just received your letter enclosing copies of those others about Bert. Thanks very much for sending them. I haven’t the least doubt at all that Cp Yeoman’s account is the correct one. Hebblethwaite you see, being a Captain, was not even in charge of Bert’s platoon, and could only get his information secondhand. Obviously the private and L/Corporal sat down side by side and wrote practically the same letter and probably got others to help them, as their letters might almost have been dictated by the way they are written. Obviously too, they saw Hebblethwaite before writing their letters and very likely showed them to him afterwards before sending them off. The corporal on the other hand writes his in his own way and seems to have his wits about him being very definite over everything. Moreover he and he only would be responsible for knowing what happened to the men in his section and would have to give an account of them and he naturally would know whether Bert was buried or not. In these affairs the various sections get scattered over such a wide front that it is impossible even for the platoon commander to be in touch all the time with the whole lot and the corporals are the only people who really know what happens to individual men.. This morning we went for a walk and run for about 2 or 3 miles and then went to a rifle range for the remainder of the morning. The post corporal has just come for the letters so I must stop. Will write more tomorrow. David June 14 th 1917 My Dearest, I have just got two letters 9 th and 10 th . You poor little girl, what a horrible time you are having. I have longed to comfort you. I am not at all near the war at present, but all the same I shall have to be taken to the quietest of quiet places when I come home. I do like getting letters from you written “on a Sunday too” as then there are no blank days without a letter at all. Must stop. Goodbye David", "13th June 1917 Campbell’s duty David to May   June 13th 1917 They have altered the time for posting letters again and are collecting them in the middle of the afternoon so you will get todays news tomorrow. Getting up this morning and being in my usual bright and cheery 5 o’clock-in-the-morning mood I broke out into song (the mood you see got the better of me), wherefore at breakfast afterwards I was subjected to a great many rude and unseemly remarks from the others. Moreover they were still more rude, when I threatened not to sing any more. A prophet is not without honour etc.! We had to parade at 6.30 and take the men for a walk and a run for 2 or 3 miles and then come back to breakfast. After that there was bayonet fighting. One of my men in jumping a trench and sticking a German twisted his knee and has had to go to hospital. Then we marched out a little way and did some musketry and fire orders again. And that ended the day’s work taking up to lunch time. This evening we are to have more rounders and cricket. This afternoon we are moving the mess, leaving the old lady’s house and moving to the house where I sleep, which has a much better room. Now I have discovered that I am not the only one who is afraid of the old lady, but that all the others are too and this being so we each and all of us considered that somebody else ought to break the news of our departure to her. After much discussion we decided that as Campbell was the only one who could speak French at all, and as he was Captain of the Company, it was his bounden duty to tell her. Having decided that we came away and left him to it. He was last seen dragging the battalion billeting officer in forcibly and whether they both escaped alive we don’t know. We hope so. David", "12th June 1917 Top of brigade David to May  June 12th 1917 My present billet has I think been a girl’s school at one time. Anyhow there is a long dormitory with several rooms leading off it, all having small windows in the roof. There are 3 of us, each having a room. My bed is beautifully soft. I think it must be feathers but I haven’t investigated that far, as I am somewhat afraid of stirring it up too much, as it is none too clean, the whole place isn’t for that matter, but out here a bed is a bed and you take it and thank your lucky stars you’ve got it. However this morning I had enough warm water for a bath (in my canvas bath, which requests much practice before you can really get a bath in it, as it is something like balancing oneself in a teacup) and coffee, so that really I am living; in the lap of luxury. The old lady at the mess has quieted down a good deal, but I think she looks upon me as a mortal enemy as she scowls at me every time I go in and out. Really I am mortally afraid of her as she has such a powerful stream of language when she gets going, that I dread doing anything that may upset her, in case she turns it on me, when I know I should be helpless and completely at her mercy. We have had quite an easy day today only doing musketry this morning and practicing fire orders, during which time the colonel came round and asked the platoon questions to see how they were getting on. Did I tell you about the brigade shooting competition last Saturday? We won several things and finally came out top of the brigade told us a few weeks ago that we were the bottom of the brigade. Those mines in that last big attack fairly shook the ground. From accounts of prisoners the Germans are afraid of their own men. They of course in this particular case could see what was coming and withdrew a number of their guns, but in order not to let the infantry know this fact, they sent the artillery observing officers up to the front line as usual. This is the reason why we captured comparatively few guns and the reason why we didn’t get more prisoners was because they weren’t there to take having already been wiped out by our guns. When our men went over, their trenches had been so smashed that they didn’t exist, whilst ours were still practically intact. This evening we started playing rounders, my platoon against the Rhodesians, we are aIways rivals as the two platoons always seem to be about equal at most things) and we all thoroughly enjoyed it at least the men seemed to and I know we two officers did. After dinner we again went out and found them playing cricket. The wicket consisted of two old petrol tins, the bats of two pieces of wood nailed together, a tennis ball and we played in grass anything up to 9 inches high. We played on until suddenly a big voice bawled at the men telling them to get to their billets at once. It was the regimental sergeant major. We hadn’t noticed the time and it was after tattoo 9.15 the time that all men have to be in their billets. However when he saw us he calmed down and we explained that it was our fault so that everything was alright. After that we two went for a stroll and then back to bed. We walked down a lane and across some fields and got some fine yellow irises growing on the edge of a small pond. I have never seen them growing wild before. The names of 10 more officers have been sent in for leave, so that it is getting near my turn for my name to go in. I should think that in the ordinary course of events I ought to get home in about 7 or 8 weeks time. David June 12 th 1917 Just got your letter (8 th ). Thanks very much for the birthday wishes. Like you I do hope we spend our future birthdays together. They must be holidays too. I did laugh over your letter to the post office. I couldn’t have written a letter like that. The Liverpool man has evidently got tired of it and has passed it off on to somebody else. It is good of you though to take all this trouble. I am sorry about your girls being away like they are and I wish they wouldn’t get infectious things. Round about this neighbourhood they make a good deal of lace (on pillows) so I have bought a length. It is rather narrow and coarse, but the girl hadn’t anything better, except some collar arrangements which I didn’t think would be much good to you and perhaps you will be able to use this piece for something or other. I am sending it by registered post and you must let me know whether you have to pay duty on it and if so how much. If only I do get leave – just fancy 10 whole days with you, it would be ….but I suppose I mustn’t count too much on it. Goodbye David", "11th June 1917 Change of billets David to May June 11th 1917 I am no longer in my comfy billet, but in another not quite so good, but still not so bad – but to start at the beginning. This morning we were up very early and cleared out of the billet or rather I went to breakfast while my servant packed up. Afterwards I went back to hand in my key (I had been given a front door key). The old lady wouldn’t hear of my paying for the coffee etc. and seemed only too pleased to have been able to do it. We are now in different billets. Three of us were to sleep in one house and the mess was to be there too. Two of the rooms were awfully small (smaller than my bedroom at home) and the beds were of the Norwegian pattern about 4′ 6″ long and the third bed was in the room where we were to have our mess. After we had been there a little while we suddenly heard that 2 or 3 rooms were to be had a little way off so we trotted round there. Then we went back to the old lady and tried to explain things to her (none of us could speak French) and when she found that we were not going to sleep there she got fearfully excited flung her arms about and shrieked at us. It was awfully funny and I doubled up with laughter. There were four us all talking at once but the old lady beat us all easily and of course nobody could understand the other. At last we gave it up and came away leaving it to be explained by the only one of us who could speak any French. Some time after he calmed her down and when she found that she would not lose by the new arrangement she allowed the servants to use the fire (which up to this time she had returned) and so eventually we had dinner (about 9 o’clock). This last push has from accounts here, been splendidly managed and was quite different to the previous pushes. The Germans lost very heavily indeed whereas our men went forward in many places without finding any Germans left – they had all been wiped out by our guns. I will write more about my present billet tomorrow. David June 11 th 1917 My Dearest, Just got your letter 7 th . I think your idea of getting Mrs Muggridge a dog is a fine one and although she will of course make objections, just on principal, she will I expect really be pleased. I think your chiefs are mad – how do they expect you to get girls when they will only pay half the amount they can get elsewhere. I am sorry you have so many away – but don’t work late if you can help. I don’t wonder that you kick that hubby out of bed, but it will be altogether different when…. Goodbye David", "10th June 1917 Concert in YMCA hut David to May  June 10th 1917 Last night I went to the concert in a Y.M.C.A. hut and got there very late. The place was packed and I had to sit on the floor between the knees of another officer and with my nose flattened against the big drum (more or less). It was not at all bad, seeing that none of the men had had any training and of course most of the songs were of the music hall type, but then this pleased the audience more than anything else would have done. One of the officers imitated a parson (his father was a parson so perhaps he copied it from life) which was very good especially as he introduced several references to recent events, particularly one or two things when we were road-making. Another man did some ventriloquism, using; a home-made doll for the purpose. In the middle of it all, the form I was leaning against collapsed, sending everyone into a heap on the floor. I was underneath as usual. It was over about 10.15 and about 10.45 I had to go to the staff parade to receive the orderly sergeants reports that the battalion was present. After that I turned out the guard looked at the prisoners in the guard room and then went to bed. Today we have done nothing except go to church, I first of all had to go and report that everything was alright with the battalion yesterday, and then we marched to a field just outside the village where the service was held. Our officers are playing cricket against the remainder of the brigade this afternoon but I haven’t gone as I wanted to write letters, the post being collected especially early today. Don’t expect a letter tomorrow as I shall probably not be able to post one until the next day. David June 10 th 1917 My Dearest, I like your letters written in the train because when I read them I feel as though I am close to you when you are writing them. With your letter dated 6 th came one from Mum. Anyone can tell she has been to Watford from the way she writes. I guess those pious relatives of mine have been sitting round with long faces, sighing and condoling with her, until she imagines that I am already half dead and buried – the idiots. She said that dividends for just over £11 had arrived – what shall we do with it? That book sounds alright, but why Doreen should bolt from Reg when she knew that he loved her I don’t understand. I can’t see what good it could do for him or her except make them both mighty miserable. This afternoon I have been out into the fields and burnt your letters, a beastly job, but my pocket was so full of them that it has busted so that there was nothing for it but to burn them. Goodbye David", "9th June 1917 Tremendous bombardment David to May  June 9th 1917 There was a tremendous bombardment again yesterday evening and two or three of us went and watched the flashes of the shells bursting. Today has been quite quiet so I expect we have done all we wanted and have stopped. I am orderly officer today and so had to be up to see the men’s breakfasts. Then we went on parade and did some drill and bayonet fighting. Then by way of giving the men a change we started them relay racing half a platoon against the other half. Then we had two men on the back of two others and each pair trying to get the other down. After a good many pairs had had a go Campbell got on my back and we went for a pair of the men and pulled them over easily. Just at that moment the Adjutant and the Regimental Sergeant Major walked up (two of the biggest men in the regiment) and had the impudence to challenge us. We had three turns. The first one we went for them and got them down and the second and third ended in all four of us landing in a seething heap on the ground, the men all the time standing round in a circle and yelling delight at our struggles. I came out of the fray minus two buttons and a collar stud. After that I left the platoon to the tender care of my sergeant and went to inspect billets, cook houses and the officers servants quarters. These last are noted always for being especially dirty, I don’t know why but they are, and you invariably have to do more “Strafing” there than anywhere. This afternoon there was a shooting competition but being orderly officer I couldn’t go, but had to attend “office” afterwards when the miserable offenders of the day came up for judgment. I am just going to a concert for the men and given by them. David June 9 th 1917 My Dearest, No letter from you today, ‘specks I’ll get two tomorrow, hope so anyway. Today has been glorious just the sort of Saturday which you ought to have taken me up the river. Wouldn’t it be lovely but then – wouldn’t it be lovely to be anywhere with you again. Goodbye David", "8th June 1917 Censoring platoon’s letters David to May    June 8th 1917 Had a very easy day today. We paraded at 7.30 and did drill, bayonet fighting, and musketry during the morning. Then we had to practice marching past again and saluting. This afternoon the company was out again practicing bayonet fighting for the competition that is coming off. I have got two sections that are pretty good and I am hoping that one of them will come out top of the company, if not of the battalion. My platoon is I think the strongest in the company at present (I have got 240 men) but the numbers are constantly changing as you get men taken away for all sorts and conditions of things. Headquarters send along and say they want 4+ men to train as stretcher bearers, or scouts, or pioneers, or snipers, or some fancy business of their own and they always add that they must be good men and in consequence you always send the men you can most easily part with. But this sort of thing is an awful nuisance and some-times you have to let men go that are doing their own particular jobs very well indeed and this splits your sections up. Only today, a man who is in my platoon but has been doing one of these special jobs, got punished for something and is returned to the platoon and Campbell (without saying anything to me) promptly put one of my best rifle grenadiers in his place. Of course I objected to it and I am getting him back again, but still thats the sort of thing that goes on. I have just censored my platoon’s letters. Its rather astonishing how these fellows spend their money (they have just been been paid) on gorgeous, but very useless, handkerchiefs and wonderful works of art in the shape of postcards, costing anything up to a franc, I suppose, and then send them home by registered post and you know perfectly well that their wives must have all their work cut out to keep the kids fed. More and more good news today, which I expect by this time you will have heard. The guns have been pretty silent all day but started again a little while back. The Germans have caught it with avengeance this time. David June 8 th 1917 My Dearest, Another letter from you today (5 th ). I am glad Mrs Muggridge is getting better. I do wish your girls wouldn’t catch things like mumps and measles and I wish still more that it wasn’t near you. I hope you get them back quickly, because of the work and also that you get Miss Hebblethwaite. Of course you are going to accept the chief’s off er to let the men write some of the policies. Do them good and make them appreciate some of the things you do for them. Fancy you ever dreaming of making grimaces. Can’t image you being so unlady-like as to put your tongue out even. Now I come to think of it I really believe I do remember your doing it – and didn’t you get kissed by way of punishment? I don’t know whether I got any bruises from the horse because I didn’t look, but there are all sorts of places that want kissing awfully badly. “Alright, I’ll lie down” – “No, you can’t have my head there tonight “ – “I must cuddle you occasionally.” Goodbye David", "7th June 1917 Colonel’s ideas and mine David to May    June 7th 1917 We spent the first part of the morning drilling, and then the sergeants took over the men while the officers went out into some fields and worked out various imaginary problems which might come about at different times. There were 4 of us doing this in one group when the colonel came along and asked for our ideas of the thing. When it came to my turn I gave him my idea and he at once remarked that I seemed to be commanding a division instead of a platoon. Somehow the colonel’s ideas and mine never seem to exactly agree. Perhaps it is because he’s only a colonel. Anyhow after some discussion Campbell agreed with most of my scheme. After this we went back to the men and practiced marching past. I expect somebody or other is coming to inspect us so we are to show off our paces. Its somewhat different marching past in front of your platoon than in the ranks and you feel a bit lonesome out there all by yourself. There has been splendid news coming in all day and the guns are still thumping away so I expect the Germans are still enjoying themselves. We had to parade again this afternoon to check the organization of our platoons and afterwards we had a lecture by the colonel. Just before that however he had two men out and punished them. He caught them drinking yesterday from a dirty stream. Of course it was awfully hot and they had used all the water they had with them and then had gone to the stream. We have to be very careful of water here always, as so much of it is bad, so the two caught it pretty hot. He then read out some of the good news and then began to talk of the traditions of the regiment and how they had got to be carried on etc. etc. We had a pretty heavy thunderstorm this evening which has made things much cooler. David June 7 th 1917 My Dearest, I have got Monday’s letter 4 th , a nice long one. Look here don’t you go having any more nightmares. I hardly know what a trench is now and in any case am not going to do any acrobatic feats like you saw. I am glad you have been obedient and got your coat but now I want to see you in it. Goodbye David", "6th June 1917 Wonderful times David to May     June 6th 1917 We had to be up pretty early again this morning as we were on parade at 6.15. We marched about 8 miles and finally halted by a canal with a sort of wood on the banks. It was not exactly a wood but there were a number of trees with a lot of undergrowth. Quite an ideal place to lie about in for an hour or so. The canal was shallow enough for anyone to walk across so it was possible for everyone to bathe. I bathed too (I knew as it was so shallow Mrs Muggridge didn’t consider this the sort of place that she warned me against), but it was not so good as before as the bottom was very muddy and the men soon stirred this up and the water was not clear, to say the least of it. Afterwards we had lunch and then had about 2 hours lying about in the shade, most of us asleep. They had brought the cookers out, so that just before we fell in to march back some tea was served out to the men and we begged some too. After about the first hour’s march it had been awfully hot all day, but we hadn’t started on the way back very long before a thunderstorm began to come up behind and made things somewhat cooler. It rained slightly practically all the way back, but this made marching rather more pleasant than otherwise. We got back about half past six. Our guns have been thudding away for the last 2 or 3 days like anything. The Germans must be quite enjoying themselves. David June 6 th 1917 My Dearest, No letter again today but I expect Monday’s letter is taking 3 days so I’ll get it tomorrow. While we were out today we had about 2 hours rest under some trees and most of us went to sleep but I enjoyed myself by having day dreams of some of the wonderful times we have had, Switzerland, Rottingdean, Bramber, that bunker at G.P. which turned into a little bit of heaven, Hayes and then we were together in that small castle of ours and all sorts of wonderful things happened to us there and of course it will all happen and will come true. I know it must. Goodbye David", "5th June 1917 Mascots David to May  June 5th 1917 We started a route march this morning at 7 o’clock, marched away several miles and then halted and gave our platoons some practice in giving firing orders. It was awfully hot and dusty, but I managed to get into a field where there was some shade and got the men along under a hedge and got their equipment off. They really do want a good deal of practice and it seems that we are to have it. Really though one cannot expect too much, seeing what little training they get before being sent out here, added to which some of them are conscripts and the great majority would never had been soldiers but for the war and therefore cannot be expected to be as keen as the man who is spending his life in the army. We marched back about 11 o’clock, had a short break and then went for some bayonet fighting in preparation for the competition this week. Did I ever tell you about our mascot or perhaps I should say mascots for apart from the battalion mascot there are innumerable dogs always around of weird and wonderful breeds (I saw one even in the trenches). The battalion mascot is a small black pony about the size of a Newfoundland dog and as he is petted by all and sundry and fed on all sorts of things by the men he is about as round as he is high and as touchy as a spoilt child. He delights in the name of Coal Box and whenever there is a competition or match of any sort on, he is taken along to assist. Our own Company mascot is the ugliest yellow kitten you ever saw. She was found in some trenches miles from anywhere when we were training away down South and now when we move she is carried by one of my platoon, in a box with her head hanging out of a hole. That reminds me, my own special nickname with the other officers is Sandy. The Germans sent over a number of big shells this morning and afternoon into, or just outside, another village some way off and in consequence a number of people from there have cleared out and have been coming through here with the idea of getting out of harms way. I am afraid they set fire to something as there was a good deal of smoke at one time. However their artillery doesn’t compare with ours and we have guns and guns and still more guns. This afternoon we had the NCOs out for a lecture or rather a lesson in musketry again. As I go on out here, I realise that the training I got in the school at G.P was very good and I only wish I had had more of it. David June 5 th 1917 My Dearest, The tongue arrived today. You had to have an extra special hug for it last night and now it has arrived you must be hugged again, because you ought to be and well – because I can’t help it. No letter from you today, but I suppose I had today’s letter yesterday and perhaps I’ll have to go without again tomorrow, which will be Sunday’s letter. Lets hope you managed to write one. I do hope Mrs Muggridge is getting better and that you yourself – oh I do want to have you again. Goodbye David", "4th June 1917 Censoring information David to May  June 4th 1917 Just got your letter. Please tell Mrs Muggridge that my present surroundings are not so very awful, in fact they are quite good. This is a fair sized place and hasn’t been knocked about by shells. Please thank her also for the cuttings. Don’t ever trouble to weigh your letters to me as I have never had one overweight. We are constantly getting orders as to censoring letters. We are not allowed to mention anything at all it seems, either when we move or have moved or any other sort of news, so in future I shall write “hoping this finds you in the best of health as it etc. etc.” then mention that the sun is shining and that it rained a fortnight ago, but this last will have to be done in such a way that it conveys no information to you. We were up just after 4 o’clock this morning and marched to the rifle range and spent the whole of the morning firing there. We had the bugles and band going out and they did their best to wake the whole of Northern France I think and probably succeeded. Last night the brigade padre called into the mess and when he heard that we were going out marching he asked to come too and sure enough there he was this morning although we paraded at 5 o’clock. We took breakfast with us and got it as best we could. Can’t you see me with a ham sandwich in one hand and checking a man’s shots with the other. There is to be a brigade shooting competition this week and the officers are to shoot; so after the men had finished, several of us fired, to see which should be sent to fire for the battalion. Now I am not a good shot by any means but I was sent with another fellow to shoot for the company and then did very badly even for me, so that I am not firing in the competition. While we were shooting apparently two of the companies were being put through their paces in musketry by our General of Generals and made a mess of things, in consequence of which we had to take all the NCOs out for special instruction this evening and now I expect we shall do musketry, musketry, musketry for ever and ever, word without end. David June 4 th 1917 My dearest, Two letters from you today 1 st and 2 nd the last one only taking two days to get here. Now you are a dear naughty little girl to go buying things for me and spending your money on me and I know that tongues must be particularly expensive. Really you shouldn’t. We feed really very well in the mess and we ought to, seeing the amount that my mess bills are and I personally don’t see why I should give things to the mess especially expensive things like tongues. So I wouldn’t send any more if I were you. You don’t mind me telling you, do you? But I know you don’t. Look here if you tease me any more about that coat I’ll – I’ll – but there you know that when I threaten things, you only look more hugable than usual and I can’t resist you. Come along and I’ll show you what I’ll do. Goodbye David P.S. I have torn off the bottom as perhaps I put something down as I “didn’t oughter”", "3rd June 1917 In the middle of a bath David to May  June 3rd 1917 I got up this morning with the idea of going to church, but while I was dressing an orderly came along to say that the church parade was off, (you never can tell what you are doing from one minute to the next, its a little way they have in the army) and that the colonel wanted to see all officers and NCOs at 10 o’clock. I was glad in a way, because I was pretty late and this gave me more time. When he turned up he gave us a lecture on musketry for about an hour. The General has sent along an order that the musketry is not all as it should be, so that everything has to give way to musketry for the moment. After that we had to give the NCOs belonging to our own platoons some practice in giving firing orders. This lasted until lunch time. After lunch having nothing to do I thought I would have a bath, (I haven’t had one since I have been here) and was just in the middle of it when somebody else wanted to see men this time a sergeant who called through the key hole that the General was coming to inspect billets this afternoon. I said I was delighted to hear it, but that it didn’t concern me as I was not orderly officer or any other sort of officer at the moment (not having any clothes on) and he had better go away and find out who it was he really wanted. He went. I have just got your letter (31st). It is good of Mrs Muggridge to ask you to write about my bathing and to warn me about the Germans putting wire in the canals (which is quite likely). Please tell her I’ll be very careful and certainly don’t intend to be fished up from the bottom with a hook, and there are no mines or canals etc. about here, so that we cannot bathe now. There are always numbers of aeroplanes about and at the moment (I am sitting in a field having strolled out away from the village) I can count a dozen from where I am. Later The Germans have just sent over 3 or 4 shells (I suppose they were incendiary) and have set fire to some farm buildings about a mile out of the village and they are blazing away like anything. The beggars (the Germans I mean). David June 3 rd 1917 My Dearest, I woke up this morning, looked at my watch and then knew that I had about 2 hours before I had to get up. You were still asleep in my arms, with your back to me and you looked so nice that I just wanted to squeeze you and kiss you, but couldn’t do it because of waking you. You see up to that time you hadn’t kicked me out as you usually do (that is, according to your letters) and in fact when you did wake up you insisted on cuddling my head. It was lovely. I finally got up at 8.30 and then had tea as I was due on parade at 9.30. I am glad my letters are some good to Mrs Muggridge (I feel quite important) but I really don’t think they are all that interesting to anyone except perhaps you. Yes I feel that I have heaps of hours in your arms owing to me (I have been away from you nearly 5 months) and I mean to get them with compound interest as soon as I get home. Goodbye David", "3rd June 1917 Buzzard cake David to Ginger June 3 rd 1917 [Ginger is David’s sister, Mrs Ethel Linn, who lives in New Jersey in the USA] Dear Ginger, Now to thank you for all sorts of good things. First of all another Buzzard cake, which I got some days ago and which disappeared very quickly indeed. Buzzard cakes I think go even quicker than others out here. Then yesterday both the chocolate and a box of cigarettes arrived at the same time, although of course the chocolate had been on the road longer but having been to the base was naturally delayed. However, everything came splendidly, although the boxes were a good deal knocked about. This morning the papers came. Thanks ever so much for them all and everything. I passed the cigarettes on to the platoon and I think they were very quickly shared out. Its jolly good of you to send them, and the men like cigarettes better than anything I think, in fact I know, for they constantly ask the folks at home to send them out. We have moved again and are right away up the other end of the line. It was quite a long train journey and we took all day over it, but this time we really travelled pretty fast at times. We are in proper billets here and I have a room to myself with actually a BED – a proper bed with clean sheets, blankets and an eiderdown all complete. It is the first bed I have seen since I have been out here and the first night I tried to get full value out of it and had the sheets, blankets and eiderdown all on top, but the heat was so terrific that I couldn’t stand it and simply had to throw them off. It was very sad. Next morning I had another shock – my servant brought me coffee in bed, made by the people in the house and served up quite nicely with sugar, milk etc and moreover a spoon to stir it with. I may say that this last is somewhat of a luxury as in the mess we usually can only raise 2 or 3 spoons between 7 of us. I don’t know whether I told you about our bathing at the last place we were at. The weather has been very hot and we took the company several times bathing. The day before we moved we went swimming in a canal about 2 or 3 miles from where we were, but unfortunately one of the men got drowned. He couldn’t swim and was bathing along the edge of the canal and must have slipped off into deep water and disappeared. We didn’t find it out until everybody was nearly dressed and nobody claimed his clothes. We had a guard of 8 men swimming in the canal and several sergeants watching from the bank and yet nobody saw or heard him go. I expect Mum has told you that Bert Muggridge has been killed. He apparently was in an attack and had got into the German lines when he was hit by a shell. Yesterday I had to go out to a rifle range about 3 miles away, so I got a horse and rode out. I had never had this horse before and he shied at every mortal thing. Then at every road junction he would stop, read the finger post and if he thought the side road went in the direction of home he promptly tried to turn up that road. However, I persuaded him to go as far as I wanted and then turned back. He knew he was going home and went along very well for a bit and then I disappointed him by turning off and going a longer way round. But he had his revenge. We were trotting along quite well down a road (you can’t ride across country here as every inch is cultivated) when he saw a white canvas horse trough and promptly planted his fore feet and stopped dead. I couldn’t stop quite so suddenly and rolled over his head and landed in the road. Then with a sigh of relief he turned round and began quietly grazing by the side of the road. If that wasn’t adding insult to injury tell me. The Germans have just sent over 3 or 4 large shells just outside the village and have set fire to something I should think by the smoke, probably a farm building. The beggars! Yours ever David P.S. My platoon sergeant has just thanked me on behalf of the platoon for the cigarettes.", "2nd June 1917 Bayonet fighting competition David to May  June 2nd 1917 We were up at 5 o’clock this morning and did bayonet fighting. There is to be a competition in this and I am hoping that one of my sections will win it. One of them is rather good but the others are not, but perhaps they will improve. After that we did some musketry for about an hour and then went for a route march until lunch time. At lunch it was discovered that we are shooting tomorrow and that it was doubtful whether there would be any targets to fire at so I said I would go to the range to find out. I got a horse (the range being about 3 miles away) and went off. I hadn’t had this horse before and he shied at every gate leading into a field or anything that had the least suggestion of white about it. Then at every road junction he would stop and read the finger posts and if he thought the side road would eventually lead in the direction of home he would promptly try to go in that direction. However after a little trouble I persuaded him to go as far as the range, arranged about the targets and started back. The horse knew at once that we were on the road back but I disappointed him rather by turning off and taking a longer way round. He went along fairly and we were trotting fairly well down a road (you can’t go across country here because every inch is cultivated) when he came to a white canvas horse trough by the side of the road, planted his fore feet and stopped dead. I myself didn’t stop quite so suddenly but rolled over his head and landed in the road. He no sooner got me off his back then he turned round with a sigh of relief and began quietly grazing by the side of the road. If that wasn’t adding insult to injury tell me. I got up knocked off some of the dust and came back, managing to sit on him for the rest of the way. I have since found that two other people had the same trouble with this horse. I don’t mind so much now, but they didn’t come off of course, I have to be up at 5 o’clock again tomorrow to go shooting and on a Sunday too. Isn’t it disgraceful? I think I shall ask Maud to write to the colonel about it giving her opinion. I am certain that that ought to have the effect of stopping the war on Sundays. David P.S. I have just heard that the early shooting is all off and we go to church instead, so it won’t be necessary for Maud to write after all. June 2 nd 1917 My Dearest, Or perhaps you would like it written My Dxxxxxt – as you do to me. Just got your letter of 30 th . I am sorry about your hair, but I guess its the worry you’ve had and also the fact that you haven’t had a holiday. Wish I could take you away somewhere. About Bert – I should think the corporal is right and Hebblethwaite wrong, as the corporal was on the spot at the time. I went to bed immediately after dinner yesterday, for now I have a room to myself and I am always anxious to get there, because you are always waiting for me there and always say and do such nice things, cheeky things sometimes, but I always know thats because you can’t help it. Goodbye David I am enclosing a letter from Ethel. Don’t want it back. The chocolate she mentions turned up today having been about 6 weeks on the road.", "1st June 1917 No bathing machines David to May     June 1st 1917 When we went bathing the other day we had towels but strange to relate they don’t provide bathing machines along that canal, and in the middle of our bathe two ladies came walking along the tow path and we had to get the men into the water quickly. I am sending some postcards but unfortunately I could only get two of Arras. Postcards are scarce as none are being printed and so the selection is very poor but please tell Ethel I will try again elsewhere. We have had a very short day today. This morning we did some bayonet fighting for about 1 1/2 hours and I took my fellows with some Lewis gun work. Afterwards there was to be an inspection by the colonel but that didn’t come off and we went for a short march instead. This afternoon the men were paid and we had a last inspection and I looked at their boots and that finished the day. I then went into the town to get those postcards but didn’t succeed unfortunately. I went in an ambulance and came back in a lorry. That is one thing out here, you can nearly always get a lift or at least if you are near any of the main roads some distance behind the line you just simply stop any motor and ask for a lift as far as you are going, climb in and away you go. One of our fellows had a funny experience yesterday. Apparently last night the Germans dropped a few long range shells just outside the village ( I didn’t hear them as I was asleep) and the old lady that he is billeted with came into his room for a few minutes while he was in bed because she was frightened. The people in the house where our mess is have stayed there since the war started and had German officers billeted on them and saw the Germans driven out by the British. David June 1 st 1917 My Dearest, What does Lxxxxxn mean like the enclosed? I can’t possibly guess. Don’t you think you might write it in full? I am awfully sorry Mrs Muggridge is still so unwell and worst of all unable to sleep, for of course that does not help to make things better. The letters came in two batches today and there was nothing from you at first and I thought it was going to be another day without a letter, but it came about 2 hours later and I was glad. But look here you mustn’t write to me if it makes a rush for you (and I know you are awfully busy) I’ll just have to go without. After I had written that letter to Mrs Muggridge, I was sorry I had sent it as I guess that letters only upset her and it would have been better if I hadn’t written at all. I think its like the Base Censor’s impudence to read our letters, or rather my letter (I have never had any of yours opened). The Generals congratulations was on the good work the division had done – they had been in a good many of the big fights before I got here. Now just cuddle up close and then you’ll get to sleep quickly. Goodbye David", "31st May 1917 Army is a funny place David to May   May 31st 1917 I have just had a new corporal sent to my platoon. There was some bother between him, the sergeant and the platoon commander of No.6 platoon so he has been passed on to me. He has been given a Russian Order for doing something or other. It always strikes me as being awfully humourous that I, who know so little of army work, should be put in charge of men who have been in the army all their lives and who have seen much more of the war than I have and that I should tell them what to do, or what not to do and how to do it. And what is most funny still, they take me seriously and do as I tell them. Really the army is a funny place. This morning or rather last night there was a route march ordered, starting very early again, but just before we went to bed this was cancelled as far as the officers were concerned and all except one of us had to go out with the colonel for what is called a “staff ride”. Why it is called a “ride” nobody can tell because everyone walked, including the colonel. We walked out a little way, found a windmill and sat down and discussed an outpost position in front of us. From that we drifted on to the use of the prismatic compass, the colonel asking all sorts of questions on it. Then we walked round to see the actual ground that we had discussed for the outpost and then had another discussion on it and came back for lunch. I have to parade at 4 o’clock for a General’s inspection so must cut my hair and powder my nose. Later The General has inspected us and I suppose everything was alright as nothing was said. I have to be up at 4 o’clock again tomorrow to go shooting so I suppose I had better go to bed. David", "30th May 1917 Daydreams David to May    May 30 th 1917 My Dearest, I have just got your letter (27 th ), a lovely long one too and written from home on Sunday. You are a darling. I like your daydream while you were polishing the hall, but I guess I didn’t give you the day off – a partner in a business just has the day whenever she wants it. I guess I must see that small dress you are making in case our order for boys is misunderstood and we get girls. I do hope you persuade Mrs Muggridge to go to West Wickham (you really ought to look about for a spot, in case we manage to live there) and I hope you have a good day. Its an awful pity she doesn’t sleep well as that is probably causing half the trouble. I missed the posy yesterday so am sending the letter today. I must write to Mum now, so Goodbye David May 31 st 1917 My Dearest, No letter from you today so I suppose you managed to get Mrs Muggridge to go to West Wickham. I do hope you had a splendid day and thoroughly enjoyed yourselves. Goodbye David", "30th May 1917 Servant and excellent coffee David to May 30th 1917 My servant came along and woke me up at 6.30 this morning and then brought in coffee and excellent coffee too, made of course by the people I am billeted with. I have had this two mornings now. Isn’t it good of them. They seem to be doing all they can to make me comfortable, although I have hardly seen them but they told my servant he could put my clothes etc. into a sort of bureau which acts as a chest of drawers and they sent in this coffee quite of their own accord. The mess is a few hundred yards away and here too (although they are not quite such good class people as my people) we are made quite welcome and practically have the run of the place. My billet is beautifully clean too. I think the people here generally, seem to welcome the troops and this I think speaks rather well for the British, as of course they have been here about 2 1/2 years now, long enough in fact that they, as usual, have taught nearly all the inhabitants to speak some English. I haven’t yet seen any post cards but please tell Ethel I will get some as soon as I can. This morning we did some bayonet fighting first on some sacks that there are here then some musketry and then practiced one small part of an attack. This afternoon we are to parade at 2.30 to go shooting on a range some distance away and which is supposed to take until 7 o’clock but I don’t think we shall-finish by then. We marched about 3 miles to the range and then one platoon started firing. The colonel by the way has returned from his leave and as usual this afternoon he (figuratively speaking) took me by the scruff of my neck and held me up before all mankind as a specimen of what an officer should not be. He started off by calling me on one side and pointing out, very emphatically and distinctly, that my men looked as though they had had no drill whatever and that unless I pulled them up the whole platoon would go to blazes, and seeing that they were walking on some boards across the middle of a ploughed field perhaps he was right about their appearance. Anyhow I didn’t argue with him. The next thing that happened was that he told me to suppose that they were a lot of recruits and I was to teach them fire control. Now you never quite know where to begin with the colonel, so I always question him as to just exactly what he does want and he doesn’t like being questioned and gets more and more snappy as each question is asked. However I started and went on for a short while, when he took the whole thing out of my hands and did it himself for which I was truly thankful. He went on for some time giving each of my section commanders a bad time in turn and when he had finished he turned to me and said I must (he is very fond of the word must) give my platoon practice in fire control and then said I was to carry on with judging distance. It took much too long for the other platoons to fire so that my platoon and another didn’t get their chance and I expect we shall have to go again, probably tomorrow. I marched these two platoons back again leaving the others still on the range. David", "29th May 1917 Up at 4 o’clock David to May     May 29th 1917 We were up at 4 o’clock this morning. I was company orderly officer and had to see the men’s breakfasts. We went for a route march starting at 5.15. We marched out with the band playing and bugles blowing and I guess the good people blessed us for waking them up. The people in my billet can only speak a few English words so that it took some time and many repetitions to make them understand that I should be moving around about 4 o’clock and that my servant would be coming in about that time. We only marched about 7 or 8 miles. The country around is pretty flat everywhere and I should imagine in winter time pretty dreary, with plenty of mud, for there are ditches dug everywhere to drain the land. At present however it isn’t so bad as there are a number of trees and everything is green. We got back about 9 o’clock, had a short rest and then had to parade again for bayonet fighting and drill. Then I saw that dinner was good and this afternoon being orderly officer I had to take the company to the baths. The baths are about 1 1/2 miles away and we started at four o’clock and after they had all washed it was near 7 before we got back, so you see we have had a fair day. Since then I have read through and censored about 30 letters and am now off to bed. David May 29 th 1917 My Dearest, No letters from you today but of course I didn’t really expect one and have had to read through again the three that came yesterday instead. You’re a darling aren’t you, and I wish I could kiss you goodnight as you say. One of our fellows in B Company went off on leave this evening and he landed at the end of December so perhaps with a certain amount of luck my turn will come in about a couple of months, and then and then…well come here and be hugged, just to see if we can image what it will really be like. I am writing this in bed as usual and…Oh alright if I must get in I must. Goodbye David", "27th May 1917 Love letter David to May     May 27th 1917 My Dearest, I found two letters waiting for me here today (20th, 21st and 22nd combined) and two such lovely long letters too. You say you don’t think you will be able to write and then you snatch every opportunity to do so. You really are the dearest little girl that ever was, but you know that, don’t you? Well perhaps I have been a bit down-hearted lately, but it was simply because I was thinking about you and wondering how you were and you don’t know how I have wanted to comfort you. Thanks very much for the cuttings. I am sitting up in bed writing this and all the time you keep pulling me down. Well I suppose you must have your own way as usual. There you are is that nice? David May 28th Three letters from you this morning (Wed, Thurs and Fri), and such loving letters. You are a darling. Last night was lovely. You had your new vest on but there were no buttons on it and after I laid down as you wanted me to you insisted on cuddling my head and pressing it close into its nest. Then we got too hot so I threw the blankets etc. off and you turned your back to me and I had both arms round you that way, like we used to and you went to sleep like this. But later on you woke up and said you wanted your cheek against mine and wanted to be held quite close against me and then you dropped off to sleep again. This morning I woke up at 7 but you were still asleep in my arms and didn’t wake up until 8.30. Then I had to get up in a hurry. I am glad Mrs. Muggridge is better but I wish she could get over those trembling fits. Looks here from your letter lot of heavy work. Don’t do too much and knock yourself up there’s a dear. Goodbye. David P.S. I walked out into the fields this morning with the intention of reading a whole collection of your letters and then burning them (I have a pocket full and there is not much room for any more and I must always carry them for fear of other people seeing them which I couldn’t stand) but I read them and then I found I simply couldn’t burn them (they are all I have of you at present except your photo) so there they are still.", "27th May 1917 Train journey David to May     May 27th 1917 We were up at 3 o’clock this morning, got everything packed and loaded on to the wagons and marched off at 6.30. This time we got breakfast, in fact we did everything pretty comfortably. We marched to the station got the men into the train, loaded the wagons and baggage and found that, wonder of wonders, the officers were to travel in 2nd class carriages. Certainly most of the windows were missing and in one compartment they afterwards found some livestock walking about, but still there they were, a whole coach of 2nd class carriages. Whilst waiting for the train to start we amused ourselves by playing cricket alongside the train. The bat consisted of a piece of wood, the ball of the knob of a brass bed post and the wicket of an old oil keg with a pair of old boots on top. When the match had gone on some time, the train suddenly decided to start and we all had to scramble in. There were six in our compartment and four of them began to play cards and I started to read and dropped off to sleep. I woke up about 11 o’clock and found we were still travelling and we continued to do so until about I o’clock when we stopped for something or other and we all went into the next truck where the food was and had lunch. We went on with a stop or two occasionally all the afternoon with no special incident except that at one time B company servants made some tea in a jug (without milk or sugar) and brought to us and hearing of it, some of the other officers tried to raid the compartment, and we had to beat them off. About 5 o’clock we came in sight of the sea. It looked lovely and it seemed almost as though we were on the way home and it was awfully tantalizing to know that home was only just across that strip of sea and yet so far off. We ran along by the sea for a time and then turned inland again and finally stopped about 8o’clock. After leaving the train we had to march about 2 to 3 miles to a village – a fairly big one. On the way we passed a number of Australians. They are a lot and seem to go out of their way to get a bad name for themselves. Any number of them were drunk and rolling along the streets. The roads here are cobble stones (pave) and although it was only a short march we noticed the difference at once. I expect marching will play us up a bit until we get used to it. We saw the men into their billets (they have all got wire beds and should be fairly comfortable) and then I went to find mine. An old lady opened the door and evidently expected me, for she didn’t say anything, but merely bowed and led me to my room and went straight away. It was a small room but there was a BED. A BED with a deep spring mattress and some sort of a bed on top and clean SHEETS and an EIDER-DOWN. This is the first bed I have seen out here and I wanted to get in then at once so as to waste no time but I had to find the mess and, then had supper and am now off to bed, it being about 12 o’clock. David May 28th 1917 That bed last night was good and I tried to sleep with the sheets, blankets and eider-down all on top so as to get the full benefit of it and not waste any, but the heat was so terrible that I couldn’t stand it long and had to throw it all off except the sheet. But still it did seem like throwing away a good thing. We haven’t done much today. There was a rifle inspection this morning and this afternoon we did some drill from 2 o’clock until 4.20 but that was all. I haven’t been able to get any postcards of Arras except the one I am enclosing but I will try again. Please thank Em for Printers Pie and it is good of you to send it. David", "26th May 1917 Pretending to be Germans David to May     May 26th 1917 We were up at 5 o’clock this morning and started off at 6.30. We were to be Germans for the time being and were to be attacked by the remainder of the battalion! The idea was that we were being driven through a big wood. Two platoons waited just inside the wood and retired slowly to a position, but my platoon and another were in further back. We had quite a good position with machine guns (represented by a man with a tin can which he banged with a stick) to wipe out anybody who came near. We also put up a barricade with brushwood (there had been a number of trees cut down) and made quite a strong place of it. After a long wait the enemy appeared (they had all been shot several times before this) close to us and advanced in a most heroic way against a tremendous imaginary machine gun and rifle fire, and had got close up to our barricade and were just making up their minds to rush it, (I am sure they were all dead long before this)) when the bugle sounded the cease fire and also said that the war was over, at least for the morning. Then the officers were collected round the commanding officer (the colonel by the way is on leave in England)) and had to give their explanation of what happened and each pointed out where the other side had all been wiped out and then the C.O. gave his idea of the thing and then we all went back to lunch. This afternoon we had nothing much to do (I suppose because we are moving in the middle of the night) but I had to have another last inspection and also inspected the men’s boots. I was just coming away when one of my sergeants asked if he might speak to me so with boundless generosity and goodness of heart I permitted him to. It appeared that about 2 months ago his wife had written to him saying that she didn’t want anything more to do with him and although he had written several times since, he could get no reply. Could I do anything for him? The troubles and trials of being a platoon commander!!! He also said that he didn’t trouble much about his wife, but there was a youngster about 2 years old and the thing that troubled him most of all seemed to be that he was making an allowance of 1/10 a day to her out of his pay. I questioned him and suggested that he should write to one or two people in order to see if his wife were living in the same place and see what this would do. Am just off to bed. David", "25th May 1917 Man lost swimming David to May     May 25th 1917 We were threatened with an early parade this morning in order to take the men to the baths, but this was cancelled at the last moment and they were sent to refit with new clothing, In consequence we didn’t parade until 9 o’clock and then marched over the same ground and in the same way as I did yesterday. We halted where I did yesterday and had lunch there. There was a disused hut close by and the servants went in and found a table and a couple of wire beds so we had lunch in style. After lunch we took the company a bit further on to a canal. We again picked out the swimmers and non swimmers, fixed two points as a limit for the men to go and put several swimmers to swim about and keep their eye on the men. The non swimmers were to bathe along the bank. After the men had nearly finished we started, had a fine swim and we nearly dressed again when the report came along that there was a suit of clothes with no owner. We made enquiries, called the roll and sure enough there was a man missing. We looked everywhere for him and went up and down the canal but could find no trace of him. He was a non swimmer and had been bathing in the middle of the river and there were several sergeants who were not bathing watching the men from the bank apart from the picquet who was swimming in the water and yet nobody saw him at all. We can only conclude that he slipped off without a sound into deep water and was carried down under the water by the current. We then marched back again while three of the officers stayed behind to make further enquiries but they found no trace of him. David", "25th May 1917 North into Belgium David to May     May 25th 1917 If you can get hold of one of the privates in Bert’s platoon there is no reason why he shouldn’t give you a full account of what happened. I certainly do tell you more than the men here write about, (they usually talk about the weather and the health of themselves and the people at home and very little else, which is really a good thing, as there is then no doubt about crossing things out) but if you wrote to one of the men he could probably give you a better account of it than Hebblethwaite can.        I will write myself if you can get the name of a man, but I think that you yourself would probably get more information than I should. I am sorry Mrs. Muggridge seems so bad, but you can scarcely wonder at it. I do hope you are getting as much sleep as possible at night as otherwise you will be ill yourself. I may not be able to write for the next two days or perhaps three as we are moving again and there will be no post tomorrow. I believe we are going right up north into Belgium this time and once you get on a train here you never quite know when you are getting off again. My Dear, I would give anything to have you in my arms again. Goodbye. David", "24th May 1917 Hebblethwaite David to May     May 24th 1917 I am enclosing Hebblethwaite’s reply to my letter. He gives no further information and doesn’t appear to have been near Bert at the time. Bert must have done awfully well to get as far as he did. I am sorry I am able to get no more than this. I do wish I were near you and able to do things for you. Goodbye. David BEF France 20th May 1917 Dear Sir, I am in receipt of your letter of the 15th instant re Pte H.G. Muggridge and am afraid I can only repeat my statement to his mother viz – that he was killed in the German Lines and three or four men in his platoon say that they saw him lying dead. As you probably know he was a personal friend of mine and therefore you can imagine I have made all possible enquiries and am afraid I cannot tell you anything further. Yours sincerely (Sgd.) R S Hebblethwaite 2 Lt.", "24th May 1917 Lazy day David to May     May 24th 1917 I have had a lazy day today. All the other officers had to go out to do an outpost scheme and as I had been one of the small party [censored] I had to take the company out for a route march. I marched them down to the river about 2 or 3 miles away. Instead of marching in the ordinary way I divided up the company as an advanced guard. Down near the river I found a small wood or rather a large group of trees, so I took the men in there, sat them down in a circle round me and then read out a letter of congratulation from the General of the Army Corps that we were in until we were [censored] Then I read some-points on the recent fighting and then afterwards gave them some practice in getting their gas masks on and off. All this took about 3/4 hour which really gave them a fair rest. Then I moved on taking a road which was marked on the map as a second class road. After a little while this second class road began to get worse and worse until it became merely two cart ruts and then finally ended in a field. We went on for a bit and got on to another second class road and after a while struck the main road and got back in time for the men’s dinners. This afternoon there have been divisional sports. The battalion got five prizes and the brigade did fairly well, but I don’t know whether we were top or not. David", "23rd May 1917 German prisoners David to May     May 23rd 1917 Today we have had a picnic, they told us it was a route march, but they really meant a picnic. We started off at 8 o’clock this morning and marched over the hills and far away along a dead straight road. Any number of these French roads are perfectly straight and of course lined each side with trees, so that you can nearly always pick up a road for you see these long lines of trees and know at once that they are lining a road. I think they were originally made by Napoleon for moving his troops about and now they are being used again for the same purpose and are kept in repair by little groups of German prisoners. Generally speaking they have about 20 or 30 in a group with a Tommy with a fixed bayonet in charge and they look quite tame and to be having quite a good time. As we pass the NCO (they have their own NCO) in charge of the party stands up and salutes. They wear their old German uniforms, but have a dark blue patch on the leg of their trousers which gives them a somewhat dilapidated appearance and if they happen to have their overcoats on and to be working under the French, they have a huge yellow P.G. on their backs. We went on for a few miles and finally marched through a tiny village and halted in a small wood just outside and in front of a fairly big chateau. This chateau is where the divisional school lives and as the man in command there belongs to the regiment we sort of paid a call. The river ran through part of the grounds as usual forming large lakes and we split the men into two parties, one of those who could swim and one of those who couldn’t and then we took them to bathe. I went with the swimmers, and the lake was quite deep, in fact you couldn’t touch bottom anywhere. One of the party that I was looking after got cramp and hung round another fellow’s neck and then of course they both went under, but they were not very far out and I yelled to three other men to get hold of them and so got them out fairly easily. After the men had finished, the officers had their swim. It was lovely – you simply dived in from the bank and the water was quite warm. After that we took the men back to the wood for dinner. We had the cookers with us. These are really splendid things as they cook whilst on the move, so that when the men halt there is a hot meal ready for them at once. After dinner we did some practice in getting the men’s gas masks on quickly and firing with them on and then marched back, getting in about 4,30. Since then I have gone for a walk and am now sitting in a wood writing this. David", "22nd May 1917 Searching for a billet David to May     May 22nd 1917 Yesterday we heard from the billeting officer that there were several billets in the town empty, so another fellow and myself went to see them. We went to several and it was rather fun interviewing the various ladies whose rooms they were. The other man would ask if she had a billet for officers and she would reply, and he would ask another question (I think he must speak French perfectly for sometimes he could get a whole sentence out without even pausing to think and even I could understand most of what he said) and she would reply more energetically and so they would go on, she beginning to throw her arms and head about more and more until she was fairly dancing about, with a stream of words flowing faster and faster, but I don’t think any of these ladies could really speak French well for I could scarcely understand a word they said. The 3 or 4 houses we visited were rather small and I was not keen on going there, as although they certainly had beds in them, I don’t know how long those beds had been slept in and I preferred my valise in the hut, and as they were scattered about we decided to stay where we were. At one place we had been told to go to No l5. We found the usual archway and in the courtyard inside there were five small houses. After much enquiry and much waving of hands on the part of five ladies, who all talked at once, we found that four out of the five houses were numbered 15 and the fifth one 15BIS and that each one had a room for officers but that they were all occupied. At another place another lady, having shown us the room, brought out a very bad photo of Sir Douglas Haig in a weekly paper, and another of the Prince of Wales, and went into raptures over both. We were to have gone for a route march again this morning but it was raining hard so they let us off. Instead we spent the morning fitting the men’s equipment on to them. A good many of them won’t take the trouble to tighten the straps or let them out and so carry an uncomfortable pack, which makes all the difference on the march. After that we did some musketry and then physical drill. This afternoon there are some brigade sports in preparation for the divisional sports but I have gone in the opposite direction and am now sitting in a wood. I like to get away from the army as often as possible. The hut we are in is in the drive up to that chateau I sent. At one time it must have been a fine place. It is built in the middle of a wood with a double avenue of trees leading from the front gates up to the house. These huts have been built in this drive and of course the whole place is very neglected. The stables close to us are built round a big courtyard but at present they are occupied by the men of another battalion. I hope you get those postcards and that the censor doesn’t stop them. David", "21st May 1917 Learning to salute David to May           May 21st 1917 There is no mail in today and therefore no letter from you. I didn’t expect one really, but still I am always anxious to get your letters. We have had rather a busy day today. We started at 7.30 for a route march of about 8 or 9 miles. This was of course because the men marched so badly the other day. The country round here is not so fine as that we have just left. It is simply undulating agricultural country with patches of wood here and there. In the middle of a wood we halted for about ¾ hour, took our packs off and then went out into a field outside the wood and did some musketry. It rained pretty heavily off and on most of the morning but I was dry again by the time I got back. We got back to lunch and afterward a number of the officers (myself amongst them) had to go out to work out an outpost scheme for practices. We did a whole lot of walking about but it was not bad as the weather had cleared up and the whole thing was simply a discussion on various points. These outpost schemes of course vary with every different piece of ground and as no two men’s opinions are the same you can always reckon that whatever scheme you have it won’t meet with the approval of the officer who happens to be in command of the whole thing. We got back to tea and afterwards had to go out and learn how to salute. Our own particular general says that none of the officers in the division salute properly, wherefore we are hauled out and taught how the forefinger should come one inch and no more or less above the right eye. I regret to say that one of the fellows whilst undergoing this instruction did not treat it as seriously as the occasion demanded and pulled out a protractor in order to measure the exact error in his own case. I am sending a few postcards. Assevillers was one of the villages we went to soon after coming out of the trenches and the two views give you a very good idea of what these ruined villages look like. When you are billeted in one of these places you live in the cellar of one of these wrecked cottages or perhaps in a dugout under one of the heaps of rubbish. We went through Peronne on our way up to the railway. Of course I haven’t been near Combles but the view gives you an excellent idea of the landscape anywhere near the front line trenches. Campbell has gone to Paris with another man, Warner, for 4 days leave. I could get this French leave too, but I shall not do so, as I don’t want a holiday unless you can be with me. Goodbye. David", "15th May 1917 Terrible news David to May   May 15 th 1917 4.30 I have just got your news, your terrible news. My Dear, I wish I could be with you or in some way do something to lighten your grief, but I seem so absolutely helpless. I think you have done the best thing in writing to Bert’s Platoon Commander (the address you gave should find him at once) as he is more likely to have particulars than anyone else. You might also write to the Adjutant but his reply is more likely to be of a formal nature as he deals with the whole battalion. If you could write to a man of his platoon or better still his section (a man that perhaps Bert has mentioned in his letters) you might get particulars which would be better even than the platoon commander as he may not have been on the spot at the time. As Hepplethwaite was a friend of Bert’s perhaps he could get more news. Poor Mrs Muggridge and poor you. Don’t make yourself ill with worry and work and of course don’t worry about writing to me. Goodbye David", "15th May 1917 In a few months it will be my turn for leave [May’s copy of David’s letter] David to May 15th May 1917 I have got the morning free so shall be able to catch the post. People here are still going on leave. They go at the rate of about two a fortnight, so in the course of a few months it will work down to my turn, that is if all leave isn’t stopped again. I got up this morning thinking I was going on to the rly, as usual, but it was found that two of us were not actually required so I am having the morning off and going down to relieve the others this afternoon. According to the present plan we not only march back, to our old village, but we do all sorts of attacks and other training on the way, and then when we get there we are to do a whole lot of night operations. We are going to enjoy ourselves, Later: I have wandered out of camp and am now lying on a hillside having lovely daydream. I have been thinking of the time at Rottingdean, but this sort of thing only makes our longing for home worse. Goodbye", "14th May 2017 Cornered by the Colonel [May’s copy of David’s letter] David to May 14th May 1917 I expect this will be the last letter you will get for perhaps 3 days, as tomorrow’s post goes out before we shall be bank in camp from the railway and Wednesday & Thursday we shall be on the road back to our old quarters, and I shall not be able to post letters. To-morrow we shall be at work as usual but the next day we start at 5. 30. a.m. which means of course that we shall have to be up about 3. o’clock. Last night I woke up to find a terrific thunder storm going on. There was a gale blowing with it and the lightning was almost continuous lighting up the inside of the tent, although of course we were completely shut in. I expected the tent to be lifted and blown away every second or to find myself suddenly floating down the valley on a sort of tidal wave. However, the tent held although sheets and other things were being blown about outside and we really got very little water in but a great many of the other tents were flooded. It lasted about 20 minutes perhaps, and then I tucked myself up and went to sleep. I had to be up just after 5 this morning as I was orderly officer and had to dismiss one of the guards. I then got ready to take the company to wash at the stream, but found that all the orders had been suddenly altered. We spent most of the morning on the range and at drill (this being our day for training) and this afternoon we did another outpost scheme. As usual I got cornered by the colonel who asked me all sorts of questions which I wasn’t prepared for. He ought to give me fair warning of this sort of thing and then I might answer his puzzles better. He went off after a bit (in disgust I expect) and left me to myself much relieved that he had cleared out. I got back to camp about 5 saw that the men’s teas were alright, had my own, then inspected and mounted the guard, dismissed the old guard, inspected my own platoon’s rifles and then had dinner. In the middle of dinner I had to go out to have the orderly sergeants report their companies present and then go to the colonel to report the battalion present and now I am waiting for 10.15. when I can turn out the guard, visit the prisoners and sentries and go to bed. I got a parcel from Mum to-day with your socks in it. You are a dear to make them for me. I really wanted them too as I was running rather short. Must go out to the guard now.  Goodbye.", "12th May 1917 I was on the fastest horse David to May     May 12th 1917 My Dearest, I haven’t much news at all today. We went out as usual on to the railway this morning. There was no train to take us, so we had to march. We were sent to work on the same bridge as we were on the other day, filling in the hole with chalk which we got from a quarry close by loaded it into wagons and unloaded it afterwards. It was a glorious day and on such days as this I simply long for you, to be away from everybody else, right away in the country, with just ourselves. Wouldn’t it be lovely? Generally speaking while we are at work a German aeroplane will sail across every now and then and get turned back again by our guns and we always take our own Lewis gun with us in case they get close enough to take a shot at them. Two of them yesterday at different times did, and our gun had a go at them, but it is awfully difficult to hit a machine high up like they are. In the afternoon all those who could be spared were sent back to watch an outpost scheme done by the company whose turn it was for training. So that I spent the whole afternoon wandering about with three others, making the riflemen who were acting as sentries etc. uncomfortable, by asking them questions to see if they knew their work in much the same way as I was questioned and made uncomfortable when I was in the Artists. When we got back to camp the colonel gave us his idea of how the thing should have been done (of course it was different to the way it had been done), and whilst talking he mentioned that he thought we should probably be doing some night training shortly. After tea I got a horse and went with two others for a ride. We were out for some time and had several races across the fields. I was on the fastest horse (none of them were very fast), and he usually kept in front whilst one of the other fellows who can ride very well was coming up behind yelling hunting calls and calling to his horse to go faster, which simply made my own horse go for all he was worth. However, I managed to keep on him and really thoroughly enjoyed it. When I can ride decently I must teach you and then we can go out together. I know you will like it. I got back just in time to inspect my men’s rifles and then found your letter waiting for me (7th). Yes sometimes it does seem only a short time since we were together, at others I have such a longing to have you just all to myself again, that it seems years, and still more years until I am likely to get you again. You don’t understand my relations. It is the thing to quote scripture in your letters. It doesn’t matter if it makes sense or not, it must be done to show how very perfect you are. I mean the writer of the letter. The stranger of course referred to is Miss Capel, not you. I did laugh over your description of the chapel service and Mum’s remarks. We have just gone to bed, I mean we two (the tent is empty and the others are playing cards)) and you have just asked me to put my head in its nest. You are a dear. Goodbye.            David", "7th May 1917 Watching one of our own flying over German lines David to May            May 7 th 1917 My Dearest, I was up at 5 o’clock this morning and took the men to the river to wash. We are not actually on the main river itself but there is a small stream about a mile away which runs into it. It is only a few inches deep but makes the most of itself, in the way streams have about here, by spreading out and forming shallow lakes and marshes. There must be millions of frogs there I think for at night their croaking sounds like a shrill whistle. My mess bill for April was brought in last night, it was £5-18-0, which is lighter than last month but is still I think too much. However I don’t expect it will be reduced much. We hear out here how you are going short of certain things at home such as potatoes etc. I do hope things are not as bad as the papers and rumours would have us believe. I expect things are of course always getting dearer. While we were at work today I saw one of our own airmen flying up and down over the German lines being fired at all the time. I watched him for a little while and suddenly he turned up on end and dived straight down turning round and round as he came. I thought he had been hit although more of the shells seemed to burst very near him, but after falling some considerable diatnce he suddenly righted himself, flew on a little way, looped the loop, and then flew back over our lines and out of sight. I suppose it was his way of putting his fingers to his nose at the Germans. 5pm Just got your letter May 1 st . I would give anything to be your invalid in that secluded spot on the beach, and as for any invalid doing, I don’t believe somehow that any other invalid would suit at all. Anyway you wait till I get the chance of being an invalid again. I shall take a very, very long time getting well. I thought I thought Tullie Thomson was much too delicate to have another youngster. As you say the Ansteys are indeed strange over that nurse. I don’t think I should want her about my place. I see no reason why Mum shouldn’t read “The Great Scourge”, but I leave it entirely to you as to whether take it to her. Just do as you think fit. During the morning my platoon had to do drill (we take it in turns to do this) as being in with people like the Guards we are to be as smart as smart can be. Everything has to be done “just so” according to the book. As a matter of fact I don’t believe anyone here (at all events amongst the senior officers) knows a great deal about drill so that I feel rather more sure of myself over it than I do of most other things, my Artists training coming in very well in this direction. After drill we or rather another company did an attack which we followed up and criticised. I am awfully good at finding faults with other peoples things. This afternoon I was on the railway, cleaning the track and putting down sleepers. This evening I am going for another riding lesson. Goodbye David", "6th May 1917 Riding lesson, band playing and revolver firing [May’s copy of David’s letter] David to May, May 6. 1917 To-day is Sunday and we all started off to the railway this morning but found that the Canadian Engineers don’t work on a Sunday so we were all sent back again, and in consequence the men have a day off. I am going riding at 10. 30, or rather I am going for a riding lesson. I had my riding lesson this morning and didn’t fall off. The transport officer and sergeant were there and gave us the lesson. It is rather good being taught by these fellows, especially the sergeant, as I think he knows a horse inside and out, and moreover has been a riding instructor. This afternoon my platoon played another at football, but I didn’t play, but went out and watched them. The band is playing outside the tent, or as one of my men wrote in a letter “we are having tea while the band is playing on the lawn”. That reminds me of a funny remark Taylor made on that march here. Somebody asked if he were singing. He said “No, I’m not singing; that’s my back creaking.” This evening I have been doing some revolver firing. They have started leave again out here (there has been none all the time I have been out), and that of two kinds. You can go home, and also leave, is given for 4 or 5 days but you have to stay in France, and this does not interfere with your home leave when your turn comes. Also Officer’s wives are allowed to come across and spend 4 or 5 days with their husbands. Now why, 0 why, am I not married? Of course those who have gone are at the top of the list, and I am very near the bottom, but still it does raise one’s hopes of seeing England. There are several observation balloons just round here (one within a few hundred yards of the camp.) They seem to have a particular attraction for German aeroplanes and yesterday they had three attempts at burning them. The first two failed altho’ the observers had to jump out and come down on parachutes; the third time (late in the evening) the German made for our balloon; and again the observer jumped, and the balloon, was hauled down in time. Then he made straight for the next, our guns firing at him all the time. The second observer jumped but the German circled round the balloon and a moment or two after it burst into flames. It looked from where we were as though some of the wreckage would fall on the observer as he slowly floated down, but we heard to-day that each time the men got away alright. No post in to-day. I must write to Mum as I have not written for 3 or 4 days. Goodbye.", "4th May 1917 Chocolates to France and news from USA Passaic, N.J.  Ethel [David’s sister, aka Ginger] to David   May 4 th 1917 Dear Kid, Last week I sent you some chocolate direct to France, but as I have no address, it is a toss-up whether it will reach you. I think it perfectly absurd to pay two postages besides wasting time, unless letters and packages from England go to the B.E.F. free or at a reduced rate. Anyway I want your address, as I want to send cigarettes either from here or England. I expect to send four more pairs of socks next week. John went to Cleveland last night, so J.F. Junior came in to my bed this morning. He is so fat, not fat but solid flesh, that the only bone he can feel or see in himself is his ankle, so when he put his arms round my neck, he felt a bone and asked “Have ‘oo got an ankle in your neck?”. The other day he announced that “boys have ‘atch-keys and pipes”, and that “they sit in front of the fi’(re) and smoke”. When he gets a little bigger I anticipate inquiries about the cigarettes left in the smoke-room from their owner. He certainly is “some” boy, If he keeps on as he is doing he will be a splendid fellow for the British Navy. Erl has to have adenoids and tonsils removed. I am expecting this the week after next. She has been improving in health and weight ever since I took her to a specialist, but, nevertheless, I wish I could take the operation for her. I wish these Americans would buck up and get some ships afloat. There is a mighty lot of discussion about it. I think many people are growing some vegetables this year in order to help, including, of course, ourselves. But there have been heaps of foolish suggestions from responsible bodies of war, such as digging up the ivy in the Park and planting vegetables (the ground would not be fit for a year) when there are acres and acres of used ground a quarter of a mile away. I want four times as much ground as we have. I am beginning to want to get out in the country, so that we could grow everything, including chickens, pigeons, geese etc, only then there is the question of the children’s schooling. Erl might go soon. Everything is getting frightfully dear. Did I tell you John had a presentation on his 25 th anniversary with Dicks from the American branch, including not only the branches scattered about the U.S.A. and Marseilles but the factory hands too? I chose it – a canteen of silver – 1 doz. spoons, forks and knives in solid silver, with 30 service pieces and four meat dishes – at Tiffany’s. It was suggested it should be exhibited at the Factory for the men, but I preferred their seeing it here, and, consequently, we had about 60 here last Friday night. The silver is plain in design of an old English shape with “J.F.L.” monogram on every piece. The promoter of the scheme asked me to choose. I thought there would be $200 to $300, so had intended choosing a tray, but when I heard the sum they had reached I was flabbergasted and had to alter my ideas. I had to keep that secret from Feb. 9 til March 1 st and nearly “busted”, especially after the gorgeous afternoon I spent at Tiffany’s. I almost felt like a millionaire during that time only there were plenty of other things I should have purchased at the same time, if I were. And sometimes I hate having these nice things when I read about the starving youngsters over there. As far as this country and England go, I think having to economise will do both countries good, although I see little sign of economy here yet, except in this house, but I am told that people are economising. Certainly, prices will make them economise. We went to see “Peter Ibbotson” on Wed. I really think the most wonderful staging I have ever seen – it gave such a correct impression of the book. I am wondering if you will think all this piffle, but the only thing one ever thinks about is the war and you are in it and have enough of it without our making remarks about it – only I wish I knew where you are. Best of luck. Yours, Ethel.", "4th May 1917 Working on the railway [May’s copy of David’s letter] David to May      May 4 1917 I woke up this morning to hear one of our Lewis guns which is just at the back of my tent rattling away at an aeroplace. Presently there was a whistle of something and I afterwards heard that one of our anti-aircraft shells had fallen into the camp. Isn’t that the limit, to have one’s own shells thrown at one. Again we have been out on the railway. We have got one siding laid. We are working under some Canadian Engineers, and they never set any of the work out, never mark out any levels & only roughly indicate where they want the sidings laid. Consequently quite a lot of work has to be done twice, especially digging. Yesterday I took out several large lengths of rails with sleepers, bolted to them, pieces which had been half buried. Today they have all had to be moved a second time, keeping about 10 men at work practically all day. This siding that is finished has been moved backwards and forwards with levers all the afternoon because they had it laid in the wrong place to start with. We have a rough shelter put up for our meals with some tables and forms which makes it very pleasant. This is the end of the rly. here, that is as far as it is repaired and we were the first troops to come up by train. Just round about the Germans have most carefully destroyed everything. There is a factory close by, pretty badly knocked about by shells but the machinery was not all touched so they have destroyed it with hammers, knocked holes in the boilers & have done as much damage as possible. One of our fellows went into the small village cemetery & found that a large vault had been broken open & the coffins smashed. The country is similar to the Downs but not so fine. Goodbye.", "3rd May 1917  May’s brother Bert has moved up David to May       May 3 1917 This will be a short letter as I haven’t had a moment to spare all day. This morning we went out onto the line at 8.0. and have been there all day.. We are working on what was once a level crossing, but the Germans just put a mine under the middle and blew the whole thing up with the consequence that there is a huge hole: to be filled up and the railway track relaid over it. The explosion buried large pieces of the track and these have to be dug out and as some of them are pretty big, (at one time I had about 40 men trying to move one piece and not succeeding) they have to be taken apart. The weather is glorious and my face is as sore as it can be with the sun and wind, and of course has its usual brilliant hue. I am very sorry to hear Bert has moved up again, but this may not necessarily mean that they are going into the fighting line. Anyway try not to worry Dear, he will be fairly safe that he is signaling. Must stop to catch the post,   Goodbye.", "2nd May 2017 Travelling in cattle trucks [Mary’s copy of David’s letter] David to May        May 2, 1917 On Monday we had had a very long day and were lumped down in the fields with practically nothing and had had very little to eat, and I was just turning in when the post came. I had a letter, and that cheered me up.  We were told that we were going about 12 miles up the line. That 12 miles turned out to be 24. We started at 8.a.m. and marched about 8 miles. It was awfully hot and we were all loaded pretty well, in consequence some of the men began to look as tho’ they might fall out, so that by the time we got to the end of the march most of the officers were carrying rifles and sundry other parts of the men’s kit as well as their own. However, none of my men fell out altho’ I was very doubtful of two of them. We ended up at the place where I first stopped on coming up from the base. You remember perhaps the “rest house” I slept in. We had lunch here, seated in what was once the station yard. We (the officers) had had no breakfast as we had been too busy, and we didn’t get much lunch for the servants hadn’t put much in the mess box, and even that was gloriously mixed up. Candles, cheese, bread, tinned fruit, knives, plates &c. &c. all just thrown in and in a filthy condition at that. You see they hadn’t reckoned on us going to the box ourselves. After lunch we got into a train of the French military pattern, that is goods trucks and cattle trucks. Then we started to do the remaining 16 miles. First of all vie went back practically to where we started in the morning. I dont mean that we did this all at once. Not by no means. We rattled, & bumped & jerked & shunted and then went off for a tour of the South of France and the Red Sea (at least it seemed like it) & finally landed at our new stopping place just before midnight, having done 16 miles in 10 hours. At one place during the afternoon we got off the train and played football and at another the commanding officer got off, left the train for a minute or two, came back and found it gone. However, he turned up again a bit further down the line, and as he climbed into the truck we all cheered. Can you imagine about 20 or 25 of us all sitting, lying or standing in a cattle truck which had just been emptied of straw and not swept out, or all of us sitting on the floor or on our packs having dinner and afterwards most of the noisy ones yelling the latest revue songs at the top of their voices. As soon as we arrived the Germans greeted us with a shell which whistled overhead. The line is not very far off, and each evening they send a few shells over by way of reminding us that they are there, but they always fall some distance off and do no damage. They had managed to get some tents up for us, but the transport did not arrive until next day so that we had to sleep just in what we had with us, which in my case was a waterproof sheet and my rain-coat. Next day we started repairing the railway or rather re-making it for the Germans have destroyed it very thoroughly. They have carefully blown bits out of each length of rail and at junctions and level crossings blown the whole lot up bodily. At present our chief work is unloading and levelling.         Goodbye.", "29th April 1917 No parades, no nothing except football [May’s copy of David’s letter] David to May April 29 1917 To-day there is no church service, no parades, no nothing except that we are playing football against the Black Watch this afternoon, so I have most of the day to myself. I am on the top of a hill (it is more like a cliff as it breaks off suddenly and goes down very steeply) overlooking the river. At the bottom there is a road, then the flat bed of the river which is perhaps 1/2 mile across, and opposite another hill more gradual than this one and laid out in a patchwork pattern of crops. Unless you knew it was a river you wouldn’t recognize it as one, for it looks like so many large and small lakes stretching off in all directions with flat reedy grass islands in between and a few trees dotted about here and there, while down the centre runs a straight canal with the usual two straight lines of poplars. Away to the left there is another steep wooded hill with a village at the foot and on the right the valley takes a huge bend and disappears behind the hills. We have had a very good report on our work out on the road. It said we had done the work very well under very bad weather conditions and by doing so had helped forward the advance far more rapidly than would otherwise have been the case. As a matter of fact the weather was so bad at times that the men simply couldn’t do much, although we were out on the road all the time, so I suppose we really could have done the work even quicker than we did. Yesterday and to-day are the first two really warm days we have had and certainly to-day it is piping hot, and I expect I will have to play football this afternoon too. 30. I have got to play for the officers against the Black Match this afternoon as I expected, so must go now. 30. We have played and won the game and B Company also beat B Company of the Black Watch. Afterwards we brought the officers back to tea while our men gave their people tea in the garden. They have now gone back. 30. As I have said before nothing is certain in the army. We are moving to-morrow about 12 miles further up the line, this time to make railways. Goodbye. David.", "28th April 1917 Measles, spotted fever and dugouts [May’s copy of David’s letter] David to May  April 28, 1917 This should reach you on your birthday. Many, many happy returns. I have just got your letter (Monday 22nd). I wish I could be more cheerful over that twelve months business, but it seems such an awful time to be away from everyone. Still, I have not got the job yet. So you have had measles in the office.  We have had a few cases here and also one of spotted fever. This last was when we were or the road but the men who were in the same dugout as the patient were isolated, and luckily it didn’t spread. This morning we marched out about 3 miles again. We were to do a new scheme of scouting. Another man & I were sent off with our platoons to carry out a scheme each, and from the very start I came under the colonel’s eye and seemed to stay there, in fact I couldn’t get rid of him. We had no sooner started than he rode up and altered the whole original idea (as I understood it) and sent us off on quite a different plan. Again we hadn’t started very long before we were stopped, but this time I was allowed to go on while the other man had to alter the positions of his men. Finally the colonel called me out and told me to carry out a small attack with my platoon down a valley while the whole of the remainder of the battalion sat round on the hills surrounding it and looked on. The scheme of course brought in this new scouting idea, and I was shivering in my shoes all the time and wondering how much of it I was doing wrong. Anyhow, we got down the valley and attacked and wiped out the imaginary enemy and that ended the morning’s work. I marched the platoon off and met the battalion as they came along and soon afterwards the colonel waited till I came up and said that we had carried out the whole thing quite well, and that there was only one criticism and that was that I might have ordered my Lewis gun into a somewhat different position. So I suppose it wasn’t so bad. But its an awful thing for a poor inexperienced subaltern like myself to be sent out before all these captains and a brigade staff major (no less) who was sent to watch the battalions work, to say nothing of all the other veterans in the battalion. This afternoon the brigade sports have been held, all four regiments in the brigade taking part of course. Our own General was there and also our own particular General of Generals. This last gentleman is known throughout the division as Frosty Face, and is noted for “strafing” anybody and everybody about everything. I have only come in contact with him once and that was on the road. Three of us were discussing the work and how a certain drain should be dug. He arrived on the scene suddenly, told us that we should not be talking together and ordered us back to our men. He’s a darling. I am afraid we have not done so well as we might in the races, but we won a few things. During the sports one of the battalions, the Lancashires, were “At Home”. They had a marquee put up, brought their band, and supplied the officers with tea. One might have been at home almost and somebody said there is a war on. I am very glad you had a good weekend. It is good of you to go to see Mum as often as you do. Goodbye, David.", "25th, 26th & 27th April 1917 Colonel makes a muddle May’s copies of three of David’s letters David to May 25 April 1917 I haven’t much news today. This morning we were out on the range soon after 6.0. until 8.0. I think my platoon did rather better than last time, but still even now they are not by any means good. We got back at 8.15, had breakfast and then went out over the same ground as yesterday in order to do the whole of yesterday’s work over again. Before starting, however, we did a little company drill and then went across country the same as yesterday but over somewhat different ground. Everything went alright for a time, and then the colonel appeared on the scene and put all sorts of new things into the scheme that nobody knew anything about at the start, with the result that most of us got gloriously muddled and then the colonel came along and said everything was wrong. Luckily I was right away from his neighbourhood so did not come in contact with him until the final wind up, when he told us all that had happened and all the mistakes that had been made. We got back about 2.0 and had lunch. Just before going in, Taylor, my bright and shining light, came to me and said he wanted to go before the colonel with a complaint that my platoon sergeant had kicked him. Now I know that the sergeant is somewhat of a bully, but on the other hand Taylor is like a naughty child and wants a spanking at times, so I guessed it was 6 of one and half a dozen of the other, and told Taylor to go and get dinner and think over his complaint and come to me again. I have heard nothing of it since. This afternoon I took the platoon out and played football just between the platoon only, not against anyone else. This evening a good many of the men are running races in order to decide which will run on Saturday in the brigade sports. Today I had a letter from a girl asking to give her news of her “young man” as he hadn’t written for six weeks. I have interviewed the young man and have an idea that he will write tonight. Most of the married men are very good at writing and send letters as often as possible, but some of the others don’t write at all and then we get these sort of letters which means of course that we have to talk pretty straight to the particular man concerned. Last night soon after I laid down a couple of rats started an awful row with some paper under the bed and kept me awake for some time. 26h April No mail in today. We have not had a specially hard day. This morning we started at 7.30 and marched out about 5 or 6 miles. We then went off the road, and had a short rest and did company drill for about an hour. I thoroughly enjoyed this. I find that the others know no more about Company drill than I do so that if I make a mistake it is not so noticeable as it would be if they were perfect. I had the leading platoon this morning and managed to get through fairly well. After company drill we had some platoon drill to teach the men heads up. It felt almost like being in Gidea Park again, except for the fact that I was yelling at the men to hold themselves up instead of being yelled at myself. After this the colonel gave us a short lecture on scouting while the whole battalion sat round him in a ring. According to the latest rumour we are to have at least 3 more weeks at special training and probably more, not necessarily here, but probably somewhere further along the line. Of course all this drill is to smarten us up to show the Guards what we can do as we are going to join them. We have been given instruction that we are to salute in the one and only proper manner and any poor beggar of a rifleman whom we meet in the street in this way, or who isn’t dressed just so is to be hauled up before the colonel and shot at dawn. I expect I shall be looking at something very interesting in the opposite direction when there are any men who don’t salute properly. Yesterday I wrote and bought 15 Malayalam Rubber Shares. I believe the Company is a pretty sound one and is likely to increase its dividend (the shares at present pay about 10% on the present price of 38/-) and so the shares will probably also rise in price too. I found I had something like £40 at Cox’s and as there is an allowance of about £10 which should have been paid to my account by now, and then there is my pay at the end of the month, I thought I had too much money lying idle and might as well invest some of it. Now off to bed, so Goodbye. 27 th April No mail in again today. We have had a sort of mixed day today. We marched out about 3 miles, had a rest and then each company went off separately. We had platoon drill then for about ¾ hour. My platoon started off pretty badly, but after being shouted at first by myself (until my throat was sore) and then by my platoon sergeant they improved considerably. Then we had a march past for practice. I suppose there is an inspection by some general or other looming in the distance. I have marched past many times before but always in the ranks, this being the first time I have had to march past at the head of my own platoon, and you feel awful lonesome out in front there by yourself with everybody watching you as you go by. We then had a small attack all on our own, my platoon and two others attacking another. I was the leading platoon and had to do all the scouting, but we didn’t have time to do much as it was getting past 1.0 and we were due back. This afternoon I have been playing football with the men. We played No.6 platoon and beat them – the second time within a week. The weather is much better and it was pretty hot playing. The latest addition to the battalion is a set of bagpipes, and we marched back this morning with a piper at the head of the company but one man piping doesn’t sound anything great; still it helps the men along a good deal. There have been some races this evening and a tug-of-war in preparation for tomorrow, but I am not very interested in them. I had another kit inspection after tea, and altho’ I only inspected the men’s kit about a fortnight ago yet most of them had something missing. They would loose themselves if they had half a chance. Goodbye.", "4th April 1917 Thanks for the smokes Another thank you letter to David’s sister in USA from a soldier in his platoon 4 th April 1917 Dear Miss Linn, Many thanks for the smokes sent by you. They were appreciated very much. The card is quite unfit to send, more so to America, as it has been in my pocket for some time. Hence this epistle. I suppose you wonder who on earth this can be from. In that case, Lcpl. O.W.Geary 2 nd K.R.R., B.E.F. was the fellow that enjoyed your cigarettes and please accept the best thanks & wishes. I am Sincerely Yours O.W.Geary", "4th April 1917 OverSeas Tobacco Club A soldier in David’s platoon has written to David’s sister in the USA to thank her for cigarettes Thursday 4 th April [1917] Dear Friend, Just a few lines to let you know that I have received a issue of cigarettes from the Over Seas Club Tobacco Fund of which you have been subscribing to and got your address out of the cigarette case and I thought it was my duty to write and thank you for the way you are helping us lads through this Great Campaign so I hope you will not be offended for me taking this liberty in writing to you. I send my address Stretcher Bearer Groves 11466, 16 Platoon, D Coy, 2 nd KRR, British Ex. Force, France, hoping I am not asking too much I would like you to write me a few lines in answer to this letter so that I know you have received it safe, so close with Best Respect and every success in the future. Believe Me Yours Sincerely S.B. Groves", "28th March 1917 Interfering old generals Note: this is May’s copy of a letter from David. David to May 28.3.17 [May’s copy] Thanks for your letter of 19 th which came today. I am glad you and Mrs. M. find my letters interesting. You ask about signalling. This is rather interesting work, as there are various sorts of signalling, and it includes laying telephone wires and keeping them connected up when they get broken or go wrong, and ours, at all events, are always going wrong. They are just laid down on the ground or through a trench, and naturally they get broken and disconnected in all sorts of ways, so the signallers are kept fairly busy in this way. With your letter there was the one from Cox & Co. containing my pass book. I find I have a balance there of nearly £30, and as I am entitled to about another £10 for field allowance &c. Which has never been credited to me, I have about £40 there. Not so bad, is it? Of course I am spending as little as possible and beyond my mess bills which I can’t control I have not drawn any other money since I have been here. We are still at work on the roads and appear as though we shall for some time to come. I was up at 5.30 this morning to take a party to a village about 3 miles away. The village was the usual heap of bricks and rubbish and my job was to see that poles about 10 feet long were loaded into A.S.C. wagons to be taken up to our bit of the road. I had been at work for about an hour when I had a message asking me to go back. I had to see about some bricks in a village a mile the other way. As soon as 2 or 3 wagons were loaded I got up on one and rode back in style so as to direct operations the other end. So I have spent the greater part of the day rising backwards and forwards on these wagons. The wind has been very cold, but apart from that it has been a glorious day. At lunch the horses were given an hour’s rest and I got into a shell hole out of the wind, ate bully beef and sandwiches and afterwards lay down and nearly went to sleep, the sun was so warm. Those “Fragments from France” are not exaggerated in the least, and one sees similar things out here all the time. You remember that one of the colonel who was asked for some details of some jam when the shells were flying around. Well, you get exactly that sort of thing here. When you are especially busy and have some particular thing on or perhaps the Germans are giving some trouble you will suddenly get a message asking how many rounds of ammunition you have, or how many picks and shovels, and even here where we are quite quiet and go to bed at night we get orders sent round about 1.0. and in this case the orderly has to walk over to me to deliver his message to the captain. The leggings have just arrived by parcel post altho’ you paid letter post. They do splendidly. An interfering old general, the chief of our little lot of generals, came along and found the captain of another company without his belt and promptly went for him right and left, and we have since had a special order sent from headquarters that all officers are to wear belts. It is so important you see, even though you cant get a decent wash. I have just had a wash and shave in water taken from a shell hole. This water is always somewhat muddy, but a wash is a wash, and as clean water can only be used for drinking you just use the other. You are quite right about the name of that place. All our football is stopped for the time being, and I don’t know when we shall finish that competition. You can’t play football on ground that is pitted with shell holes, so that there is little or no room between them. Goodbye once again.", "19th Feb 1917 May’s first letter to David Note: May’s earliest letters are carbon copies that she made. May to David    18 Manor Road, Beckenham. 19.2.17, Monday, 11.0. My dear David, Now for a long letter – if the Fates will permit. I left the Office at 1. 0. on Saturday and went and had dinner -yes.,. I own it was coffee and ham sandwiches at an A.B.C. , and I enjoyed them. The girl who sat in my seat just before I entered came back and said she had left an oilskin on the seat, so the whole staff and -a few others came and watched me eat my lunch all the time I was there, and looked hard at my music case which was suspiciously bulky and my attache case. I had stuck my shoes in the music case at the last moment, and it certainly looked as if I had hastily pushed in an oilskin.         I did not hurry over my lunch, but as I said before, thoroughly enjoyed it.             I Really I felt sorry for the girl, she seemed so very put out about it. After awhile she went out a fetched an elderly lady to join her. 0, it was lovely. Eventually I walked to St. Pauls. I might have been followed, but did not trouble to look back, and caught the 1. 57. to Herne Hill and then a bus to the Plough. Next I walked the back way up to Maud’s to make tender enquiries. It was barely 2.30.      I had not been there long when a ring came, and a Sunday School teacher (a real male) called. I was in the Drawing room, while the male (by the bye I suppose Sunday School male teachers can be men, but I don’t know any, so please excuse my ignorance) was taken into the dining room. From the sounds which eminated it, seemed that he was an ordinary rational being, and I think Maud enjoyed his call, of course I teased her when she came in to me after disposing of him, mentioning that I should certainly have to tell you of her carryings on. Mrs. A. is worse, and Maud is, really very down, though I tried to cheer her up. She was very shocked at her cousin who has just lost her mother. They live rather close by, and I went to their house one day at a Jews’ sale of work and muffin scramble to play an accompaniment for Maud -I daresay you remember, the circumstance. Well, this aforesaid cousin called on Maud a day or so ago and actually was wearing a dark blue and black blouse under her black coat, whereas Maud has discarded the dark blue jersey she has been wearing Indoors and has bought a black one. I tried to make seasonable remarks, and as Maud did not gasp out “May!” I think I must have succeeded tolerably. 1.30.      I left as quickly as I could and went on to No. 56 where Mrs Taylor was watching for me in the window, and I got a most hearty welcome from her and Peter. I have never seen Mrs. Taylor look better, and have never known her in a more cheerful mood. She kept jolly and was making jokes during the whole of my stay. One of the first things she said was “I have sent my boy 3 parcels, and am having such cheerful letters from him each day. I had copied out portions of your letters, and showed her, and she came to the conclusion she was getting all the same news, at which she seemed very pleased. Maud was also highly delighted at hearing from you and had sent by me her letter to Mrs Taylor. Your ears did ought to burn ferociously. Mrs Day had gone off for the weekend before I arrived, so Mrs T & I had the place to ourselves. (Peter, I beg your pardon.) We knitted Saturday evening and talked. Your mother would wait on me that she was taking your place as well as hers, except that there was no hugging. I don’t believe she learnt that art as we know it. Sunday morning when I was sitting over the fire reading a book Maud had lent me, “Windyridge”, of which she thinks a lot, but don’t waste time reading it, Peter noticed a vacant lap and not approving of the vacancy came and put his head there. I was supposed to be making the bed but I didn’t do it. I did not do anything except wipe a few knives and forks and cups, and consequently feel ashamed of myself. On Sunday morning Mrs Taylor got up at 7.5 and went down for tea. She returned at 7.15 with the tray. Then we drank tea and talked until 9.30. I reminded her that it was not David that was keeping us in bed, and added “Did David tell you he wanted me to be engaged to him before he went away?” She said “No” in a distinctly interested tone, so I added “I said No, as he has quite enough responsibility just now as it is”, to which she replied “O, well, it will come to the same thing in the end” (how people will jump to conclusions!) No wonder he is so cheerful”. She did not say whether she was pleased or otherwise but she sounded pleased, and 10 minutes later when she was dressing she put her skirt on twice on the wrong side, and the 3 rd time back in front, so I called her to order, said she must be in love and that it was my duty as a Christian to inform you. She promptly cheeked me, danced about, and skipped higher than I believe I could, while holding on to the bedpost. And she has been cheeky ever since, but nothing more has been said on that subject. I felt I ought to let her know, and have been pleased ever since. Please, however, don’t think my conscience has given way. I simply am not thinking about that pest of a nuisance. You hear of different things dying a natural death; perhaps my conscience will if I ignore it. As I aforesaid I read in the morning, it being rather misty out, but after dinner the sun came out and it was lovely, so we both went to see Miss Massey. 4.30 We arrived soon after 3.0 at the Hospital (Kings College) and saw Mrs Marks who had been there since 2.0 and was just coming away. Miss Massy’s first question was about you. Yes, you are growing positively important; I shall have a job with you when you come back. It was a tumor she had. She looks very well indeed and seemed jolly; but of course she was excited. She is getting on well and will be sent on Wednesday to Hemel Hempstead for 3 weeks; after that she is going to stay at Balham. We were turned out at 4.0 and found a grand fire in the drawing room awaiting us. After tea I played hymns (very good practice for sight reading) which I think Mrs Taylor enjoyed. Of course I picked out all the lovely ones and made them sound more or less [rest of letter missing]", "10th Feb 1917 First letter from David David to Fanny                 Sat Feb 10 th 1917   [address censored] Dear Mum, Today has been glorious. Quite warm in fact. We had drill all the morning which I quite enjoyed, as I had charge of a platoon. This afternoon I went with west into the port and bought several things, some woollen gloves and some biscuits etc etc. Things are fairly dear. I had to pay 2/6 a pound for the biscuits and they were something like “Osborne”. While there I saw some German prisoners, clearing the snow from the roads. They are a low looking crowd, much worse than any of the other soldiers one sees anywhere. I have asked the [censored] people to send my field boots to you. Please keep them for me. This place is much better than [censored] as far as the other officers are concerned, as they are much more sociable, in fact I have got on with everybody very well so far. Will you please send me some more socks, and also the tin of metal polish and some brown nugget and rags for cleaning purposes. There is no difficulty about passing English notes out here and I got 27 francs in exchange for a pound, which is quite good. I can also travel at about quarter fare on the railway and this makes first class much cheaper even than the trams. The only difficulty is however that there are only about 4 or 5 trains a day to the port. I have to go on parade now, so must stop. Dave", "France & Belgium The first letter is dated 10 th Feb 1917 and is a letter from David Henry Taylor to his mother Fanny Taylor. The address is censored but he is with the B.E.F. in France. The last letter in this section is dated 9 th July 1917 and is a letter from Fanny Taylor to her daughter Ethel Linn (David’s sister) in the USA and says that David is moving again and may not be able to write for several days."