"Missing The first letter in this section is one from May Muggridge to David Henry Taylor dated 9th July 1917 but returned marked ‘Missing 10/7/17’. The last letter is from Fanny Taylor to Ethel Linn dated 18th Aug 1917.", "17th July 1917 David is Missing Fanny to Ethel [in USA]              56 Ramsden Road, Balham, London SW12      17 July 1917 My darling Ethel, I know you feel like I do, sad at heart, of the new of our David. I cabled as soon as I know it, which was Monday morning. It was in that dreadful battle of the 10 th where the Kings R Rifle and Northampton fought in the death. I received another Telegram from the War office, saying wounded and missing. Further reports will be sent immediately. And I will let you know. If you can dear Ethel don’t look on the dark side but hope for the best. It a cross we have got to bear. But not as heavy as our King Jesus bore for us. Pray don’t try to come home here, everything is too unsafe. And John and the dear children need you where safer than home. I went to spend the week end with Frances Bruming and the change was good and returned home before eleven on Monday where the first Telegram awaited. That was missing. The one in the afternoon was wounded and missing. He got your cake a few days before. On his field card he said well, and received parcel. My last parcel he could not have received which was fruit, dear boy. Everyone is very kind to me. Auntie and Uncle came over at once. They were here when I cable you. Oh dear Ethel try and keep bright. We are not alone in this sad trial. You are ever in my thoughts. I am keeping fairly well. I want to try and keep so for your sake and David’s. Kiss the dear children for Grannie. Polly is very good to me. Nellie returns home tomorrow and they send their love. My fond love to you all. And I trust your maid turned up and of use to you. You mentioned her in your last letter which I received on Friday. From your Loving Mamma F Taylor Previous", "18th July 1917 Fate of the 2nd Battn KRR Fanny to Ethel [in USA]     18 July 1917 My darling Ethel The enclosed is a copy of a letter [from Edward Campbell] I received this morning. I know you will like to know all. And that I will try to do. I feel I have nothing more to write about. Do hope you are all well with fondest love From your Loving Mamma Fanny to May   18 July 1917 My dear May, Many thanks for letter shall be pleased to see you. Come to dinner. The enclose is a copy of a letter I had this morning [from Edward Campbell]. I know you would like. The returned letter came yesterday. Remember me very kindly to your mother. And much love to yourself. From Yours affectionately Fanny Taylor Campbell to Fanny   In the Field   12 th July 1917 Dear Mrs Taylor, I am afraid that I cannot get any news of your son. The last seen of him was in Bn.H.G. in the line, wounded in the head. The rest of my company was blown to bits except a few men who swam back across the river the following day. The whole of the 2 nd Battn K.R.R. except the few who managed to get away (about 3 officers and 30 men) were either killed, buried or wounded. I have hopes that your son was taken prisoner, but I can lay out no hope. He was a most gallant officer and one where friendship was worth having. He first thought was duty and this was noticeable in the trenches up to the time he was wounded. This was on 10 th July about midday. My 2 nd in command and other platoon commanders were both killed. I deeply regret his loss (if it is so) and sympathise with you, for as a brother officer there was none better, so as a son he must have meant everything to you. His cheery presence will be missed greatly, however I have great hopes that you will get good news. It is hard to say. Yours sincerely Edward Campbell ‘B’ Coy 2 nd K.R.R.C. Previous", "23rd July 1917 Murder Fanny to Ethel [in USA]  23 July 1917 My darling Ethel I was so pleased to get your letter, and to know the air is better for you just now. I was not surprised to hear about the maid. At present girls are much of a muchness here. I know you must have heard the sad news of David and that your heart is aching like mine. At present I have not any more news of him. I shall try and find out if he is alive. I fear not, for it was a dreadful battle, one of the worse. I read it on the Saturday morning, while on a visit to Mrs Brunings, and said to them My boy is in that. And how many more dear ones. We cannot tell. As soon as I get any more news I will send on to you. It is not fighting, it is murder. Mr Bomier that lived in next door, that let the little boy cry so, while the mother was out. Was only out there a few weeks was killed, leaves wife and 4 children. I do hope if David is alive they will treat him kindly. I know your thoughts (I would like to go home to Mamma) but dear Ethel don’t attempt it, for it is not safe to come. And to live here is not. One never knows when a raid is coming. And it would just kill me to loose you. I am trying my best to keep well, and every body is very kind, and willing to do anything for me. Polly is very kind, she loved him dearly. And all those who knew him liked him (he was a dear). My dear don’t you bother to buy me anything for my birthday. I have your love and that is the best of things. Everything is going on alright with the property, I manage it myself. We saw Auntie Jane and the others yesterday, Hilda and children was there, Walter still at Sittingborne. They all send their love. Kiss the dear children for Grannie and love to Jean. Hope they will enjoy the changes. With fond love to you both From Your Loving Mamma F Taylor Previous", "26th July 1917 No news Fanny to Ethel [in USA]  July 26 1917 My darling Ethel I feel I have not much to write about. Yesterday I went to the War Office, to see if I could get any news of David. Not any. I went then to the Red Cross. I was told they would do all they could. And told me to write to The Director, International Red Cross, Geneva Switzerland and enclose cost of a telegram, which I did at once. And if I heard anything to let them know. And if they heard they would send to me. I have a list of all his clothing sent to me. And just now while writing to you, the post has just brought a parcel of chocolate I sent him on the sixth, he never received. This is a blow to one. Although I might have expected it. For it is not war. I hope you will try and stay your time at the Lake. It will do you all good. Every body is very kind and the weather likewise. Auntie Jane and Uncle send their love. I am told Walter Writer is looking ill. I have not seen him since he joined. Now dear Ethel excuse this, I am feeling tired. Kiss the dear children for Grannie and love to dear Jean, Polly sends her love. Much love to you both From Your Loving Mamma F Taylor Previous", "27th July 1917 David is prisoner Fanny to Ethel [in USA] 27 July 1917 My darling Ethel I see in this week’s Weekly Times (this morning) that David is a prisoner in German hands. I do hope they will be kind to all of them. I am fairly well. Polly likewise. Hoping all is well with you all. My fond love to all. From Your Loving Mamma F Taylor Previous", "30th July 1917 Still wounded and missing Fanny to Ethel  [in USA] 30 July 1917 My darling Ethel I feel so sorry, we had the paragraph in the Weekly Times wrong. It belonged to some others, below his paragraph. So as far as we know he is still wounded and missing. I have done all I can to know. So I must wait. But in my own thoughts he is killed. The fighting was dreadful. I met old Doctor Constable last Thursday he had just returned from a visit to his wounded son, who was in hospital when you was here. He is at the sea near Brighton, just able to get about a little. He has two more in the war. When I told him about my boy, he said, I am sorry it was his head. He wished to be kindly remembered. Cousin Charles came to me last week, he had a cold which caused him to stay in, he wished to be remembered. All at Glen Roy are as usual, and greaved at the news of David, every one is. I told Doctor you wanted to come home, and he said tell her not to come, it is too dangerous. I do hope you are all well and enjoying the change. The Bulfords have shut up their home in Broadstairs, and gone to Nottingham to Auntie Dolly. They could not stand it any longer, so often layed down at nights half dressed. The last raid decided it. Bettie came to dinner on Sunday, she is looking just the same. The box of chocolates I sent to David on the 6 of July has been returned marked Missing. I know I am not the only Mother who son is gone. As soon as I hear any thing more, I will write to you at once. I am keeping fairly well. Polly sends her love. Give the dear children a loving kiss, and my love to Jean and much to your dear selves. From your Loving Mamma", "5th August 1917 Telegram Fanny to Ethel [in USA]  Aug 5 1917 My darling Ethel, Last evening I received a telegram from Geneva Switzerland saying Lieut David Taylor reported prisoner Karlsruhe. Red Cross. I cabled you at once. So that tells us he is alive. I shall go up to the Red Cross (on Tuesday) if I don’t hear any more before. To know if I can ascertain if he is wounded, and I will let you know all. Cousin Charles called this afternoon to know if I had heard any more news of my boy, and he was glad to hear, although he would rather have heard better news (but he was alive). He said he could quite understand how you felt, and you have his sympathy. He is looking better. Miss Massy is here for a few days, she is improving, but slowly, she sends her love. Now dearie we must try and look on the bright side, and pray that all will be kind to David. I am keeping fairly well, and I do hope that John and the dear three children are well, likewise yourself. With fond love From your loving Mamma", "6th Aug 1917 Campbell to May Edward Campbell to May    6 Aug 1917   B.E.F. Dear Miss Muggridge, Thank you for your letter. I got such a nice strong letter from Mrs Taylor about her son. Her view of the loss was so brave and one that other people might do well to copy. How bravely she is taking it. I must sympathise with you most sincerely on the loss of such a friend. However, there is quite a good chance of his being a wounded prisoner, and I think you would be perfectly right to rely on that for a time first, as news will take a long time to come through and the Germans admit 27 officer prisoners. Otherwise I have no news alas to give you about him. I should of course let you know immediately I heard anything. Yours Sincerely Edward Campbell", "8th Aug 1917 Visiting War Office Fanny to Ethel [in USA]    Aug 8 1917 My darling Ethel This morning I went to the War Office and they had not any more news of David. I took my telegram, that I had received from Geneva Switzerland Red Cross, which they was very pleased to see, and told me they might not heard for a month or two, but I might hear from my son before. And if I did would I kindly let them know at once. I also went to the Red Cross, and showed them the telegram, which they asked me to do, and they was pleased. And told me it was a large camp. I am now sending another per paid telegram to the Red Cross Geneva Switzerland asking if he is wounded badly. The Red Cross said I had heard quickly. I have done all that can be done, and I am the first one that will receive all news. I received a post card yesterday, which I have enclosed. Am answering it by this post, telling him David is a prisoner of war at Karlsruhe camp. I will let you know as soon as I receive any news. I quite know how anxious you are feeling. Every one is very kind to me, and all who knew him are sorry. I do hope you are all well and still enjoying the change. I am fairly well. Polly sends her love. Fond love From Mamma F Taylor", "10th Aug 1917 Parcel of eatable Fanny to Ethel [in USA]   Aug 10 1917 My darling Ethel, Just received your letter. Now I have good news of David. The enclosed will explain a lot. I went to 84 Queen St and saw the cheque. It was David’s hand writing, and signed well. They told me he could not have been wounded, if so only slight, or he would not be in that camp. He said I could write to him as many letters as I like, but be careful what I put in. I came home and wrote to him at once. I had to go up there again today. And they are going to send him a parcel of eatable, which I paid them for £1-4-0, the 4/- is for the telegram. They send the parcel through Holland. He told he had money enough to buy things in the Camp. Now I am sending him a change of underclothes, and when I get his things I shall send them. Cox’s Bank will send them on to me. I have the list sent me. So now we know David is alive, and many of his officers are in the same Camp. They told me he would only be allowed to write 4 cards a month, but we could write as many as we liked. No newspapers. So now darling, we must hope and trust that all will be well. I will let you know all I hear of him, as soon as I get any news. I am keeping well. I hope John has returned safely, and the dear children enjoying themselves. I often think of them. Kiss them all for me, and I can see Jean quite grown up. Give the dear child my love. And now dearie try and enjoy the end of your stay. My love to you both From your loving Mamma F Taylor", "16th Aug 1917 Head bandaged Campbell to May   16 Aug 1917 Dear Miss Muggridge I am delighted to hear that Mr Taylor is safe. How excellent. I am so glad for you and Mrs Taylor. Please convey to her my best congratulations. I will not write to him as I have only the same thing to say as to you. I am very busy so perhaps she will excuse me. I can, if you have had no letter from him, prove he is a prisoner by a photograph of him walking through Bruge, amongst several other of the B’ll. He has his head bandaged but otherwise looks alright. Best congratulations. Yours sincerely, Edward Campbell", "18th Aug 1917 Hearing from David Fanny to Ethel [in USA] 18 Aug 1917 My darling Ethel, Good News. God has spared our David, received a card last night, written on the 25 th July. This is what is on the card – I am quite alright my head and ear going on well. Will you please send me such things as tinned meat , tin butter, milk, tea, Quaker oats, ginger biscuits [I expect he is longing for them] and Vaseline, please send parcels of food frequently. The best way to send them is through the International Red Cross, 4 Thurslow Place, London S.W.. Some of these things I have asked for before, and are doing so again, in case you didn’t get my letter [I did not get the letter]. I will write more fully later. I believe parcels take about 10 weeks from the date of the post card to get here. I wrote and told you I had sent him some food. And I also sent him last Monday some under cloths. So they are on their way. Now I shall go to the War Office with his card. Then to Cox’s Bank and get his cloths sent and all he asks for. I wrote and told him I had sent him food and clean cloths. Polly’s gone over to Auntie Jane to tell them the news. I am expecting Miss Massy to tea, she does not get strong, she sends her love. All who knew David are rejoicing to know he is alive. The suspense has been great to one, but today I am feeling bright and fairly well. My veg are doing well in the garden. Now I hope you all are still enjoying yourselves. I will send all the news of David as soon as I get them. Kiss the dear children for Grannie, give my fond love to Jean, hoping John and Yourself are well. With much love from your loving Mamma F Taylor Prisoner of War 2/Lt D H Taylor", "27th Aug 1917 Parcels through Holland Fanny to Ethel   56 Ramsden Rd, Balham SW12                    Aug 27 1917 My darling Ethel, I am pleased to enclose you more good news. I have sent two parcels of food through the American Express Agents through Holland so he will have got one by now and another shortly. And I sent at once some underclothes and socks etc. And I am sending a parcel through the Prisoner of War Committee weekly, and I can send two. Now I do truly hope you are quite well and rested. I was pleased to know Nanna was back. I have just received David’s things from the front, every thing alright. Now dearie we will hope all will be well with him, and that we have him home once again. I loss no time in sending to him a week before I had his card, and before they could tell me at the War Office where he was. Now try and be happy again. I am feeling the reaction this last two or three days. They are all rejoicing at GlenRoy, and all keeping about the same. I shall try and have a few days away from home, now I know what to do. Miss Massey sends her love. Polly came over to see Nelly just for the week and they are well. We are having stormy weather. My veg garden is doing well, only it makes me very tired and Peter helps sometimes. Kiss the dear children for Grannie and love to Jean, hoping she has had a good time, and fond love to you both. From your loving Mamma F Taylor"