"27th March 1919 Crystal Palace David to May                     Sheerness                           Thursday [27 th March 1919] My Darling, I really have good news today. Last night those details came through & naturally I thought I should be off to you today & went so far as to get my kit packed up & sent to the station. Then I trotted off to get my papers, as I thought, from the demobilisation officer, but he said that everything was ready for us to go but he had to apply for vacancies at the dispersal camps. He said that he ought to get these permits today & then we should go tomorrow or Saturday but that nothing was certain. I could have told him that, having a considerable amount of experience. Still this has brought things very much nearer & I really think I shall get away this time, then it means going to the Crystal Palace. I don’t know what they do there, whether they search up records or not or what, but according to the fellows down here the procedure can be got through in under an hour provided there is no crowd. Isn’t it lovely, Darling, I feel like doing back somersaults & kissing my hand to the C.O. I am orderly officer today & early this morning I went to see the men’s breakfasts which of course were alright. At 10 o’clock I mounted the new guard. It was a funny sort of guard, half the men having only just been discharged from hospital & their kit being at Rugeley they were not exactly all they should have been, but still what did that matter, if they had stood on their heads & waved their feet at me I should have looked the other way. As it was I felt like doing a Highland Fling for their benefit, but restrained myself, in case they thought it somewhat out of the ordinary & not knowing the cause would of course misunderstand. For goodness sake don’t work too hard. I am awfully glad your indigestion has gone but do take care of yourself. I am rather amused at your Aunt’s visit, those poor kiddies must have a life of it. However Georgie got one back at her over his gloves. Later So far I have heard nothing further as to going tomorrow. My name with a list of others (there are 12 in all) has been put up in the mess to hold themselves in readiness for early demobilisation. When tomorrow’s orders are published this evening they may say that we are to go tomorrow, but of course they may never come round in time for me to let you know. Of course if I do come up tomorrow I will either wire or telephone to you. Goodbye, Darling, David", "26th March 1919 A gleam of hope David to May                     Sheerness                           Wednesday [26 th March 1919] My Darling, Wednesday & still nothing more is heard of demobilisation. I do wonder how much longer they are going to hang about. So you couldn’t get Days to promise you your dress by Saturday. They seem to be taking their time over it. They have had it three weeks haven’t they? Is April the second the day that your big job has to be finished that Lutt is so keen for you to stay until then. That brings us up to Thursday. I do hope it’s no later than that don’t you Darling, that is of course, always supposing I am out of the army & at present I can get no sort of hint as to anything doing in that line at all. I hardly know how to contain myself, sitting about down here & hearing nothing as to it getting any nearer. So Maud has got a job & as you say is in heaven, at a small salary – very small I expect, but still, I suppose as she likes it it’s alright. As you say, she will be in her element to have the affairs of the parish under her thumb. She is funny in the way that she thinks people in business are desperately interested in her affairs. This morning having nothing to do of course, I went for my usual walk & bought a book on the way “The Children of the Forest” by Marryat. I have finished “The Canon in Residence” and think it quite good and as it isn’t possible to get anything to read down here, I was forced to buy another book for myself. I am down to be orderly officer tomorrow, so that should leave me clear for the weekend if I am still here. I shall of course try to get leave for the weekend and if I can’t shall come up on Sunday. May it not be necessary and may I be there for good. Again you say nothing about yourself or how you are. Have you been able to sleep decently or only for a while each night. 6.30 I have just seen the demobilisation officer who told me that the details had gone to Rugeley, so they ought to send them back here soon, so I might get out this week after all. A gleam of hope as the papers would say about the strikes. I have been for a walk this afternoon with a fellow who was at Holzminden with me and who gave me quite a lot of food when I was first there and had nothing. He has been in Holland and is only just back from his 2 months leave. Now don’t get working too hard and knock yourself up. Goodbye Darling. David Previous", "25th March 1919 No further news David to May                     Sheerness                           Tuesday [25 th March 1919] My Darling, There is no further news yet, so I suppose we shall hear nothing again today. Isn’t it maddening to have to wait around like this, while the set of idiots who have this thing in hand fool about day after day. I suppose they will start the thing again some day. I got your letter this morning – you shouldn’t worry about me. I am quite alright & my cold is much better. I am glad you told Lutt that you might be going next week, it is just as well to let him know in case I do get out by any chance, & I still have hopes of it. How is your job getting on? I do hope you are not working too hard & fagging yourself too much, as it will not help your indigestion a little bit. How are you now, have you been able to sleep at night & is the indigestion any better? You don’t say anything about it in your letter. I suppose you went to Days last night. I wanted to be there with you. This morning after breakfast I went for a walk of about 6 or 7 miles viewing the lovely & picturesque scenery of the delightful Isle of Sheppey (the wording is the result of the Falmouth guide book) by way of killing a little time & removing a little of the impatience & hump. Its a fine day but awfully windy, too windy to make walking pleasant & very dusty too. However it was better than sticking in Sheerness, or lounging about doing nothing in the mess. I see that the strikes seem likely to be settled which is rather good, as it won’t interfere with us if we do happen to get away next week. Later Nothing has happened during the day. This afternoon I sat in front of the fire in my room dozing & day dreaming & wishing you were with me, as I always do as soon as I am alone. Now I am going back to read “The Canon in Residence”. Goodbye, Darling, I hope to have better news tomorrow. David Previous", "24th March 1919 Old old tale David to May                     Sheerness                           Monday [24 th March 1919] My Darling, Its was a false alarm, or at least a semi false alarm. I got down here at 11.15 & went straight along to the Adjutant & asked him if there were any further news of getting away. He said “No, but the Brigade Major says we shall hear on Tuesday or Wednesday”. So its the old old tale again. It seems that the Brigade Major came in on Saturday & said that the details had come through, but of course he was doing this unofficially, so of course it will take some time to get the thing through officially. I am awfully sorry that I came up with a tale like that and stirred you up for nothing, but you never can be in the least bit certain of anything in the army as you know. Still I am hoping & hoping for Tuesday or Wednesday now. I am afraid I said a lot of wicked words when I heard that the thing hadn’t started & my only consolation was your letter which was waiting for me. You are a darling to write little bits to me like that all through the day, it makes me feel as though I am with you. I wrote to Headquarters at Rugeley last night, asking them to put my name in for promotion. Hope it goes through alright as it will mean a little extra money for us. That reminds me there is no further talk of us moving to Rugeley yet, apparently they wired here & said they had no accommodation for us, so that’s some comfort. Later I have heard no further news this afternoon. This afternoon I went back to my room in the barracks, sat in front of the fire (& read that booklet on Falmouth at least I read a bit of it & fell asleep in the middle of it). Before this I had started off for a walk, but is was so cold & blowing a gale that I turned back. It seems that it was just as well that we needed this week out of our reckoning, but Oh I do hope it will next week as we arranged. Goodbye, perhaps I shall see you on Wednesday or before. Kiss me. David. Previous", "21st March 1919 Sheernastyness David to May                     Sheerness                           Friday [21 st March 1919] My Darling, There is no prospect of getting weekend leave as you have probably guessed by this time. However if nothing happens to prevent me I shall try to come up on Sunday & will come on to Beckenham in that case. Of course as usual I shall not know definitely until Sunday morning, so I cannot let you know in time. If I do come I ought to get to Beckenham about one o’clock. I do not think your guide book description of Sheerness describes the place really well. I could give it quite a number of much more expressive adjectives. By the way one name for it down here is Sheernastyness. The latest tale down here is that we are all going to Rugeley some time next week but which day nobody knows. Lovely prospect isn’t it? Sheerness may be all sorts of things, but I imagine Rugeley is worse, at any rate I shall not be able to run up to see you which at present I can always look forward to. Last night I went to bed fairly early as I have got a cold in my head & it has given me a headache. I slept pretty well except for waking up once or twice for a short time, but I did want you there really. I am alright today. The commanding officer has just been into the mess & says he expects that the list of officers for the Army of Occupation will be here in a day or so, when those who are being demobilised will be allowed to go off. This sounds hopeful, but then this sort of thing has been said ever since they stopped it. This afternoon having nothing to do as usual I sat in front of the fire & read “The Canon in Residence”. I have got about two thirds of the way through it. Its awfully cold down here & it was as much as I could do to keep warm, the fire being a very small one & the room a large one. However after a time I managed to get a good fire going, but one has to go carefully as the coal supplied is very limited & we are not allowed fires in our quarters until the afternoon. Be careful with yourself & don’t catch cold & don’t work too hard. Somehow or other in spite of the Rugeley rumour I have felt much less humpy today & have had a sort of feeling that I shall get some good news shortly. I do hope so, don’t you? Wont it be lovely to have you all to myself for a whole month & ever afterwards. I am longing & longing for the time to come. Goodbye, Dear, hope to see you on Sunday. I want another now. That’s lovely. David Previous", "20th March 1919 A small feast David to May                     Sheerness                           Thursday [20 th March 1919] My Darling, I got back here just before 10 o’clock last night, looked in to the mess to see the orders for today, which practically consisted of nothing, & then went along to the billet. Just after I got in, the landlady brought me up a cup of cocoa, so I sat down & ate your orange, (it was a beauty) & drank the cocoa, having quite a small feast. Then I read your two letters through again, got into bed, cuddled you up close as I could & was soon asleep. I have been thinking, – if the loyal & trusty railwaymen should strike again, I do hope you won’t work late next week & also I should not go to Days, as you may have a big job to get home & the earlier you start for home the better. Better still I should go to Balham if you think you stand a better chance of getting there & take Ethel along there too. In consequence of that crowd of officers being sent to Rugeley I have had orders to give up my billet & go into barracks, as of course there are a number of empty rooms there now. However the room is not so bad, might be a good deal worse. If the railway people strike, of course there will be no leave & it was useless asking today as they don’t know is likely to happen & headquarters here have been told to hold themselves in readiness in case of trouble. But seeing that there are only about one man & a boy here I don’t see that we can do much. However they will perhaps send a few men to the station although that won’t be necessary as there are scarcely any railwaymen here. In consequence of all this we were treated this morning to a lecture by the commanding officer on what we may do & what we may not do. It seems to me that we are allowed to do anything we like, but if we do do anything at all, we get a court martial directly after. We were told that we of course had to obey orders but if we did & things went wrong we of course would get hung etc etc etc. Anyway what is most important of all is that it is going to stop my weekend as those officers who went away on leave during the week have been recalled. This afternoon I took up my quarters in the barracks & spent partly in reading the guide book (this time Falmouth) & partly in sleeping. Last night at Victoria I waved to you & thought you waved back & then I watched you until you got as far as the bookstall but I lost you then. I have read both those lectures. Mr Robertson’s is most interesting. I will return them when I see you so will you remind me. Goodbye, Darling, give me a good big hug & now one more kiss. Thanks that’s lovely. David Previous", "18th March 1919 Doing nothing David to May                     Sheerness                           Tuesday [18 th March 1919] My Darling, No letter from you today. I expect you didn’t get time to write yesterday or else they are playing about with your letters in the post. I did want one too. This morning I woke up pretty early & then lay & tried to imagine you were with me, but it couldn’t be done. I wanted you yourself too badly for that. If nothing happens between now & say Friday I think I shall try to get leave for the weekend, or I may possibly try Thursday but I will let you know. I rather misjudged my billet yesterday. When I first looked at the bed the sheets looked dirty, but when I went back after dinner they had been changed & clean ones put on so that was alright. Also there was a fire burning which made things rather more comfortable & this morning the landlady brought me a cup of tea. There is no news of course of demobilisation starting again. Everybody is waiting, doing nothing, & saying it may start at any moment, but the moment doesn’t come. I suppose it will in the course of time. Later I have just been told that I have to take a party of men to Surbiton tomorrow (Wednesday) so I will run along & see you as I did last time. I will telephone to you sometime in the afternoon. This afternoon I went back to the billet & read up Fowey & dreamed dreams of what we will do when we are there. Don’t you wish we were there now? Goodbye, Dear, until tomorrow. David", "17th March 1919 Sea View Terrace David to May                     Sheerness                           Monday [17 th March 1919] My Darling, I got down here fairly comfortably, stopped at most stations but eventually arrived at 2.30. Went along & reported myself & then went straight to the demobilisation officer. He said no orders had come through yet, but that they were waiting for a list of officers who had volunteered for Germany & had been approved to come from the War Office & as soon as that arrived a batch of us would be sent off that is demobilised. So Heaven knows when I shall get away now that the thing depends on the War Office. However while I was with them I filled up four different forms, which presumably have to go with me, so that now I am all ready to go at a moments notice, at least, I hope I am. There is also a list in the mess for officers who wish to be demobilised immediately orders come along, so of course I have put my name down on it. So having done as much as that, I suppose I must now possess my soul with patience but it takes a big effort. I am in a billet again, not my old one as the room was taken, so I had to look for another. This time I have a bedroom & a small sitting room opening off it. It goes by the grand name of Sea View Terrace, the name being given to it because the back windows look upon the sea wall & over the sea wall is of course the sea. However I am not satisfied with the place as it is not as clean as it might be, so I hope I shall not be here very long. Later I have just had tea & while there I got talking to another man who says that the Garrison Artillery here have restarted demobilising their officers today. So this certainly looks rather more hopeful, as of course we are in the same command & they may get round to us shortly. Let’s hope so. At tea I met a man who was captured with me & who I have not seen since. He looks pretty queer having been down with “flu” & only just got back from his leave after Germany. Of course there is nothing to do down here & I believe several fellows went away on leave again today, so of course I may be given leave again shortly, but I want to stay here a day or so at least, to see if there is any possibility of getting out. Goodbye, Darling, I wish I could write a more cheerful letter. Looking forward to yours tomorrow. David", "6th March 1919 Sickening not knowing David to May                     Sheerness                           Thursday [6 th March 1919] My Darling, I got your letter this morning, you do write nice letters & just when I want them. I am very sorry you have several girls away, as I know that means harder work for you. Muriel does seem to be having a bad time doesn’t she? Today I have done nothing, that is to say in the way of work. I got up, had breakfast & then walked along the front, found a quiet spot & then read your letter again & began to dream dreams of what we might do if…. After a time I woke up to the fact that I was cold & so walked on again until I came to what seemed the end of all things or rather I ended up in some fields which were under water & too wet to walk across so I came back. The battalion in the meantime had gone off to Rugeley. I did not go to see them off as a good many did, as I am not interested in anyone in it. I had to report to Headquarters at 12 o’clock but it was only to give in my name, what class I was in & whether I had volunteered for the Army of occupation. That consists of my days work. I cannot get any sort of information as to what is happening with regard to the demobilisation business, or if I am likely to get away, or when. While at Headquarters we had to give our names in to move out of our billets into the barracks, but I did not rush forward so that they filled all the rooms up before my turn came, so I am still in my billet which of course I prefer. I have had a letter from Jones saying he will do what he can for me at Swansea. I have also had one of my claims back stating that it cannot be allowed, as there is no regulation permitting it. It was for £6 for lodging money while I was on leave. I wonder if the other claim will go through. Its a splendid day down here & as far as the weather goes I wish you were with me instead of being in the office at work. Sheerness would be infinitely better with you here with me. What was it kept you awake last night? You must get as much sleep as possible. I can’t have you lying awake like that. Later I went along this afternoon to see if I could get anything out of the demobilisation officer. He said that demobilisation has not yet started again. It stopped on Feb 15 th , the day after my application went in, but he thinks it may begin again in the next few days. Apparently the men who went away today are discharged unfit & not demobilised as I thought. Isn’t it sickening to be kept hanging about like this, not knowing what is going to happen. Still I suppose I am lucky in being here & not being sent off to Rugeley for at least there is a possibility of getting up to see you from here & there would be none from Rugeley. Goodbye my Darling, I am looking forward to your letter tomorrow. David", "5th March 1919 Left behind Dave to May       Sheerness           Wednesday [5 th March 1919] My Darling, I am here & everything is upside down. The battalion is going to Cannock Chase tomorrow morning, but I am remaining here, together with a number of other officers. I have found out that they have started demobilisation of officers again & six are going off tomorrow, so “the country looks better” as you said it would & I am beginning to hope again. I am back in my old billet & got down here & did everything quite comfortably. As all the men & everyone are going tomorrow it almost looks as though those of us who are left behind will have still less to do, but I cannot tell yet. We are turned out of our hut as a mess & are all together, at the old place, a tremendous crowd, but I suppose there wont be so many tomorrow. No time for any more as the post is going. Goodbye, Darling. Give me one more. David", "19th Feb 1919 A route march Dave to May                       Sheerness           Wednesday [19 th Feb 1919] My Darling, I do hope you didn’t get wet yesterday or caught cold. I am very glad the back work is better & that there is a possibility of getting level with it this week. I wish you hadn’t to stay late. Never mind you won’t next week, as I shall probably be there to stop you. I suppose I ought to write to Ethel Barnett to thank for her offer to send me books, I believe I did from Germany didn’t I? Don’t you think you manage me quite well enough as it is without anyone giving you hints, & in any case I don’t think you would have cared to have taken hints from the lady on the film. You have done it now. I have got “There’s a Land” on the brain. I expect when we are married you will wake up to find me asleep, but gently humming “Until” or some such thing into your ear. If I can get back to London from Surbiton in time on Friday I may be able to meet you. I don’t quite know yet what train I am to catch, or how long I am likely to be at Surbiton, but if I can manage to come along to you I will telephone first. So far there doesn’t seem to be any hitch in the leave arrangements here. Nearly everyone has gone except one or two, who like myself, have been kept back to do certain jobs & they are going when these jobs are done. With regard to Saturday. I shall if possible catch the 9.35 which gets to London Bridge at 12.8, when I will come straight to you at the office & send my card up. Failing this I will catch the 10.20 getting to Holborn at 1.37 & I will then go to Slaters in Poultry where we usually go. Of course if they suddenly stop my leave I will wire to you. In any case you will go to Balham this weekend won’t you? I have written to Mum telling her I shall most likely be home, so she will expect you too, as I told her you would most likely come. Today I think I have done more work than I have since I have been here. It amounts to nothing of course. I have only taken three parties of boys to school. Certainly I had to walk about a mile each time as they are in huts about ½ mile away from the mess but still it does seem a lot of nonsense. Last night they turned the search lights on all along the front. They have them every few hundred yards or so, so you may guess they make things pretty brilliant. While I have been here the man at Holzminden – Lucas – offered to buy my valise when I got demobilised. Do you want to keep my camp bed & sleeping bag, or shall I sell the whole lot? Later This afternoon I took 30 or 40 men for a route march – a gentle walk for an hour. I am beginning to feel quite hard worked. By the way Lucas invited me to go to tea on Sunday, but of course I told him I hoped to get away on leave. The days won’t go quickly enough. Never mind in two days now I ought to be with you. Goodbye Dear. David", "17th Feb 1919 Sir Francis Younghusband David to May                     Sheerness                           Monday [17 th Feb 1919] My Darling, Another fearfully busy day. I went down this morning to see if there were anything to be done & was told that there was nothing, & would not be until tomorrow. I then went back to the mess & was told that an order had come that there was to be a lecture at the local cinema & that all officers were to go. This at 10.45. So naturally I went. The men had been marched there too. We waited some minutes & then they started showing us some pictures. The usual type of thing, the first was a wild west “comedy” with lots of cowboys racing on horses & showing of pistols etc etc. Then the lights went up & there was a pause & the men began yelling for more. So they put on a film of recent events, which showed the King opening Parliament. This wasn’t at all bad. Another pause, & more yelling from the men. They put on another “comedy” representing a drunken husband coming home in the early hours & his wife getting out of bed & shaking him. However they hadn’t got far with this one, when the General turned up & introduced Sir Francis Younghusband who gave us a lecture on some of his experiences with the army on the Indian Frontier & also doing exploration work there. It was rather interesting & he had some very good slides showing the country, chiefly pictures of mountains of course. Apparently some years ago the Russians had sent an officer to one of the tribes up there, with the idea of winning them over & also of finding a way across the mountains that Russian troops could cross into India. Younghusband was sent with 6 men to get there before him & do the same job. He found a possible road that might be used by the Russians & did not succeed in winning over the native chief & two years later they sent an expedition up there & cleared out the chief & put his brother in his place. Since then we have built roads & now the tribe is under our protection. He met the Russian officer while there, who calmly told him that all the Russians knew that they were going to invade India some time & all were anxious to do it. Otherwise they were perfectly friendly. Before today I hadn’t met anyone that I knew. Today I ran in to two separate men within two minutes. Of the four of us who went to France together, two have been killed, one fairly early on & the other in the March push, the third is the man I met this afternoon. He apparently went into hospital with some internal trouble & had an operation & has been home ever since. For the time being he is staying in the army & has a regular job here. He has been in Sheerness since last November & has his wife here. The other man I met was at Holzminden & went to Holland about last April. He only came down here yesterday & also has his wife & kiddie here. As he is an old regular, promoted from the ranks, I think he will probably stop on too. I haven’t heard anything more yet about my demobilisation. This afternoon, or part of it, I spent in filling up forms claiming various allowances in all amounting to something over £50. Of course I don’t expect to get it, but still it may come off. You never can tell. Its been a glorious afternoon, pouring with rain & a sea fog thrown in & a constant wailing coming over the sea from some lightship or buoy. I don’t think we’ll have our honeymoon in Sheerness. After posting this I think I’ll go back to my billet & drown my sorrows in a  7 novel. I haven’t yet written to Jean as you asked me to. I forgot it, but I will do so. I want to be hugged awfully badly & hard. Goodbye David PS I do hope you are not slaving away late in the evening & fagging yourself entirely.", "16th Feb 1919 Earned my salary David to May                     Sheerness           Sunday [16 th Feb 1919] Darling, Got up a bit early this morning in order to get your letter sooner. Of course I was later than yesterday, but I mean early for Sunday. It wasn’t foggy here yesterday except at sea, but otherwise it was quite fine. I wish you had been here with me, except that this would be a wretched place for you to be in. Hope you didn’t get delayed by that train smash. I’m glad Mrs Muggridge’s cold is rather better. I hope she’ll be rid of it quickly. I like Maud’s impudence in “demanding” to know why she was first to go. Apparently she is not only ungrateful for all you have done for her, but seems to imagine that you have done her some injury. I like to tell her what I think of her. Of course I have earned my salary again today but doing nothing. There was only church parade this morning & as my Company has no men, we did not have to appear so after breakfast I went for a walk along the sea front. It’s not a very pleasant day, misty & inclined to rain, so I didn’t go far & came back in order to start my letter to you. I will add some more before I post it. With your letter came one from Webber the Martyr (I enclose a copy of it & also one of my reply – I am keeping his original in case I have to write again). The answering or advertisements which he refers to I imagine to be the Romford one, which you remember I mentioned to Pitt, & which Pitt has evidently told him about. However he has effectively got me out of the difficulty of going back to him. I have not yet needed the letter I am asking him for & possibly may not, but I may as well get it from him in case I do, as there is a notice down here, that officers having offers of employment in writing, should submit them to the demobilisation  officer – I suppose in order to assist in case ones other qualifications are not sufficient. However I have not been asked for such a letter yet. This afternoon I have been writing letters all the afternoon. I have written to Ethel in reply to her letter that I got the other day & I have also written to the T Square Lodge, sending on my subscription & telling them I want to remain on the non-dining members list for the present. I don’t think it is worth while paying the full subscription while we are in this unsettled state & I can always transfer to the town members list when I want to. It has been pouring with rain here the whole afternoon so it is just as well I had letters to write. The post goes out at 5.30 today so I had better stop. This morning I woke up before 7 & from that time until I got up we were very close to each other, but the imagining is not a bit like the real thing is it? Goodbye David.", "15th Feb 1919 Army of Occupation David to May                     Sheerness                           Saturday [15 th Feb 1919] Darling, This morning I went & saw the doctor & that is the total amount of my day’s work. Seem to be earning my money, don’t I? He said my heart was strained a little, but that was nothing very serious. Just before going into breakfast I thought I would look at the letters in case there was one for me, & then I had a lovely surprise, because I really didn’t expect one from you until tomorrow. You are a dear. So Maud has been chattering again. I wonder if she described the ceremony in full, what you were dressed in, the presents & who were at the church etc etc. She is a busybody if ever there was one. From what I can hear I am attached to a Company having a crowd of officers & no men, with the consequence that there is nothing for us to do. I understand though, that some men are coming back on Monday so I suppose we may have something to do then, but it will only be in the mornings as nobody does anything in the afternoons. This afternoon by way of “earning” some more money I studied “Allowance Regulations” to see what allowances I can claim but didn’t find out very much. Last night after posting your letter I ran into the demobilisation officer again & he told me that he had put in my name to headquarters here & so far it had gone alright, & now the latest news (I think it is in the papers, but I haven’t seen it myself) is that no more officers are to be demobilised until further orders, in order to see how many are required for the army of occupation. Its been a fine day here all day & I went for a walk along the sea front this morning after seeing the doctor, but I did want you, & the only thing I could do was to sit down & read your letter again. Goodbye, I am waiting for your letter tomorrow now. David", "14th Feb 1919 Out in a week David to May                     Sheerness                           [14 th ] Feb 1919 Friday Darling, I got here with very little trouble & so far have been fortunate. First of all I went to report myself & while Talking to the Adjutant (I could not see the Colonel) I asked him to get the Z15 form signed. When I said this, another fellow in the room asked what I was & on my saying an Architect & Surveyor he replied that there was no need to fill in the form, but that he could fix things up for me. He turned out to be the demobilisation officer & took me along to his office & put me down on the list straight away. The only thing that might upset things he said, was the fact that I did not join the Artists until February 1916 but he said he thought the fact that I was in the OTC in 1915 would put things right. He also said that if things went well I should get out in a week, that is if the Colonel gives his sanction, & this is quite possible, as there are more officers here than they know what to do with. After that I went to look for a billet. I was given a list of six names & went to all the lot before I found one that could take me. However having got it I think it will be alright. I have a large room & a large bed with a sofa, arm chair etc etc, the only thing wanting is you. But really I wouldn’t care for you to stay here – Sheerness isn’t nearly good enough for you. I had to hang about for about an hour before seeing the Adjutant & walked along the sea wall to kill time. There was a sea fog on & you couldn’t see more than a quarter of a mile out so that it didn’t look brilliant at all. As far as I can tell there is not much doing here in the way of work. There seemed to be nobody about this afternoon & everybody apparently had gone to a football match. Having gone to all the trouble of bringing my bed down here together with my valise of course I don’t need it now, but you never can tell in the Army. Everything is altered here, there are so many officers that they haven’t room in the barracks & so have to put us into billets (which of course I infinitely prefer) & even the mess isn’t large enough so we subalterns & such like small fry have a separate mess in what used to be a YMCA hut, but I like it better, as it is freer, there being no senior officers here to stand aside for. I am scoring rather over my billet, for when I asked how much the room was to be, I was told 10/6 a week & as I shall get an allowance of 21/- I feel I have at last got something out of the Army & feel quite an old soldier. Tomorrow I have to go to see the doctor. I have been missing my ring all day. You wont get this by the first post tomorrow as the last post leaves here at 7 o’clock & I could not catch it, but I know you wont mind. Goodbye, just off to bed. David"