{"15 September 1915, Dear Ginger, I have just returned from a holiday at Brighton and have had a glorious time there. Mum went to Chesham and afterwards to Watford and Polly to Broadstairs. Mum stayed with Aunt Annie and took Peter with her and from her account I should think the whole of the dogs at Chesham and Watford were itching to fight and Peter most kindly obliged them. One particular dog went for him and then of course the dog’s owner went for Peter upon which Mum joined the battle and went for the dog’s owner (a sort of four sided duel a la Midshipman Easy) but the most upset of the whole lot was Aunt Bessie who really had nothing to do with it except look on. Again, at Chesham, Peter found a convenient opening in the garden hedge and went off for a picnic on his lonesome. On missing him Mum went one way and Aunt Bessie the other but found no Peter although they went for some distance. In the meantime a thunder storm came and they both got wet through. About two hours afterwards Peter turned up also wet through and I think was gently reproved with the whip. I have just returned from viewing the damage done by the Zeppelins last week. It is bad, but not so bad as I expected from the reports I heard from various people, but reports get so exaggerated. I was very glad that Mum was out of London when they came as they were pretty close to us all. Just around the corner from Upcot Street a house was smashed, and some of our people were out in the street in their night clothes, but luckily nothing was done to our places. Alberta Street people also seem to have been out and they are most upset of the lot. I first went to Farringdon Road, opposite the Goods Station one house had been gutted, the front wall of the two top stories blown into the street, and the two houses on either side considerably damaged of of course the windows for some distance either way and opposite were smashed. In Leather Lane, the L.C.C. buildings in which Beatie Bulford lives (only a block at the back of hers) a bomb stripped the roof, blew part of the front wall into the street, tore out the windows bodily, the bedding is hanging down the front of the building, (some of it in the street) and of course the windows and shop fronts up and down the street are all gone. In this case the explosion had a most curious effect, the two windows immediately below the damaged wall are still perfect the glass not being even cracked whilst those opposite and on either side are smashed to atoms. A Public House in Red Lion Street, (just at the back of Bedford Road) looks for all the world as though somebody has lifted it bodily and dropped it again, it has that crumpled appearance and the Penny Bank next door has no windows left and the shop fronts all round are gone. Wood Street (which you remember was burnt a few years back) and Aldermanbury the darlings sprinkled with incendiary bombs setting fire to several large buildings. It was here that the most damage was done as 5 or 6 large blocks of offices and warehouses were gutted. They played the giddy ox with Liverpool Street Station, wrecking a signal box so that no trains could get in and had to stop for some time at Bethnal Green. One bomb fell on a bus outside Liverpool Street and the bus and passengers (about 8 in number I think) went to heaven suddenly. Some damage was done in Lombard Street and Moorgate Street, and a corner of a roof was knocked off in Cheapside opposite the G.P.O. All this seems a great deal, but when one considers the size of London and the number of people there, it is very small indeed (with all the damage about 100 were killed and injured) and people taking little notice of it and already in most cases they are rebuilding as fast as possible, new shop fronts are being put in and in the meantime the shops display large notices “Business as usual”. Very few people were looking at the damage and those chiefly ladies out for amusement from the suburbs. The streets are barricaded round the damaged parts and as an extra attraction a recruiting meeting was in full swing against one of the barricades. In Leather Lane the Cheap Jacks attracted far more attention and larger crowds than did the damaged buildings but then you see it happened 4 days ago and so much goes on now that it must be something big to attract attention at all. One result is, that the Insurance Companies have a crowd 3 deep in their offices. I insured everything back in the spring at Lloyds before the Government Insurance scheme came along and in consequence had to pay 6% (that is 2/6%) more, but never mind it set Mums more or less at rest when previous raids came. Immediately after I insured there was a raid and Harry insured and he had to pay ¾% so I considered at the time that I scored. There is another raid just reported “somewhere”, this makes 5 in 7 days, pretty good going, however I don’t know whether they all got back as there are stories on one being brought down in Kent and another in Essex. Whilst at Brighton there were airships or aeroplanes along practically every day, and one day we saw about 30 aeroplanes flying towards Shoreham. With regard to the hinges they were £1-7-9, and I sent 5/6 to Kleo for that cable to you, making £1-13-3. I don’t know of anything else. We are in a lively state at the office as we have just moved and everything is lost and will never be found again from the look of things. Our new address is Furnival Street, Holborn E.C., telegrams Morseby, Fleet, London A.B.C. code. The Kennington folks shut up this week, but I don’t know when they move, their new address is Ambleside Avenue, Streatham. Many thanks for the newspapers and cuttings, I was very amused at the Hudson River battle. That magazine part of the New York Times is particularly interesting. You might send some more and also any important news, as you get much more news than we do. The photos are better than we get too as you get both sides. I see that I have written 8 pages so that as my fountain pen is exhausted I will now go and get my hair cut. Yours David", "4 November 1915, Dear Ginger, Again we have had the Zeppelins, this time I was fortunate enough to have a very good view of the whole thing, (a great many people did not see them but only heard them). It happened about 9.30. Earlier in the evening a passing man said to me, “Another Zep raid tonight” – I did not take much notice, thinking that another had been reported in the papers “somewhere”. I happened to be on the common, when I heard boom, boom, boom, and thought that some guns were being tested, or something of the sort, as we often hear them now and also we have a practice ground for bomb throwing on Clapham Common – then almost immediately two more booms – it struck me that it might be Zeps and I looked round the sky but saw nothing – then there was a burst of firing and I saw my beauty just coming from behind some trees. It was really a beautiful sight, a large cigar shaped bar of silver, floating along, shining in the light of the search lights. It was a fine clear evening, with the stars shining but no moon and so of course pretty dark, which threw the Zep up more. The guns were going now for all they were worth and I could see the shells bursting all round, for all the world like stars popping in and out, but they did not seem to hit, and I stood and watched it out of sight going South East. Later in the evening about 12 o’clock, having thoroughly enjoyed their stay amongst us I suppose, they returned and again I had a good view, but this time it was so far off (over Aldgate) that it only looked like a large elongated star, and the shells looked like little flashes of light round it. One or two shells seemed to get very near, but it was too far away to tell definitely. It seemed to remain still for some minutes and then turned and made off. I may say that they only appear to keep two search lights on it with another just hovering around outside, nearly all the others are out! Again they have done comparatively little damage, although the loss of life is greater. They dropped bombs all round our new office again (within about 100 yards) in Chancery Lane and Grays Inn. Harry was in the thick of it as he was in the office at the time. This is his tale. He heard an explosion, and then a second. He put on his hat and rushed down and as he opened the front door he saw a bomb falling, he closed the door and the bomb exploded, he opened the door again, and saw another bomb falling, closed the door again, and that one exploded. He then went out and could see the Zep just going away. By this time the street was full of sulphur fumes. He went down the street, turned the corner, when another bomb fell close enough to blow back the tails of his coat. He then went into Chancery Lane where by this time there was a young river flowing, one bomb having burst a water main. He afterwards came back to the office and got some brandy, which he took out into Holborn and gave to some women, bringing several back to the office. I have been round to look at some of the damage. The bomb in Chancery Lane fell in the road just outside Stone Buildings, by the Safe Deposit, smashed all the glass around, knocked lumps of the stonework off, and burst the water main. The water got under the wood block paving and lifted it for about 100 yards, leaving it in graceful waves. An incendiary bomb fell on Stone Buildings, causing a small fire. The bomb which fell in Gary’s Inn, fell in that big grass ground close to the houses, and has blown out the windows so that you can see through from front to back of the ground floor offices and books fittings furniture etc etc all mixed up together, just as though “the devil with his pitch fork” had been stirring things up. We are doing some work to a block of offices backing on to Grays Inn, about 100 yards away from the spot where the bomb fell. It has blown out all the glass on two sides of the building, a great many of the internal fanlights are gone, it cracked two of the walls, and on the far side of the building it blew open the casement windows, wrenching the fastenings off and in two cases snapping the cast iron stays. They were certainly cheap things but they were cut clear in two, although the glass of the windows was sound. One bomb fell in the court yard of the Law Courts, knocking lumps of the masonry off and smashing all the windows around, and if that isn’t cheek tell me. Another fell in the old skating rink in Aldwych, and it has made a mess of it – of course being a light temporary sort of building, the explosion ripped the whole thing from end to end, leaving just the roof trusses bare. Another fell in the road in Aldwych, opposite the Gaid, bursting a gas main which took fire and burnt for some considerable time, but of course did not spread. Another fell on the building next door to the Lyceum, doing a good deal of damage but the building is still standing. In Algate I believe a bank at the corner of the Minories was smashed and the various windows and shop fronts all round were pretty well smashed up. Croydon was visited, and some damage done, but on the whole it is chiefly glass that has suffered most, as usual. Various reports get about, one that there was a panic in the Lyceum, but two women told Harry that they were at the theatre when the bomb fell, and that the entrance doors were knocked down and burnt, but were quickly put out, and that the audience walked out quietly over them. Another tale is that George Grosswith was singing when the bombs fell outside, he stopped, and said “Well we are as safe here as outside, let us go on with the performance” and he went on singing. Of course one hears the usual “why don’t they do this and why don’t they do that” from the enquire-within-upon-everything gentlemen who are ever ready to give advice about anything to anybody, but when one sees the shells bursting round the Zeps, one realises how difficult it is to hit them, especially when they are moving quickly (the first one I saw came and was out of sight within ten minutes). I have sent your punching ball to Kleo and she has written to saying that the men are highly delighted with it. It was £1-1-0 and there was some delay at first owing to the fact that they had none in stock and the only excuse one hears on all sides today to account for delay is “on account of the war”. We have been over to Bessie’s at Pendle Road – Archie has got a two to three years job at Huddersfield and has already gone. Bessie is now letting the house and is following as soon as possible. Yours David", "28 December 1915, Dear Ginger, Many thanks for the coat hangers, they will be most useful when I get my commission, that is if I do get one. I don’t know if Mum has told you that I have joined the Army. I have joined under Lord Derby’s scheme and shall be called up with my class. I had also joined previously The London University Officers Training Corps Engineers Unit and I am now down at Kensington being instructed in the gentle art of “strafing” Germans. I shall of course apply for a commission in the Engineers as soon as possible, that is if the powers that be will allow me to continue with the O.T.C. and do not shove me into anything they think fit when my class is called up under Derby’s scheme. I have not been to camp yet but that will come later I expect. Some while ago I thought of applying for a commission direct and after much trial and tribulation I gave it up on Mr Rushbrooke’s advice. I got the signatures of two magistrates as to my good moral character and then went to Rushie to get his as to my education and he strongly advised me not to send the application in as I had no military training, but to join an O.T.C. He pointed out that I should be responsible for the lives of the men under me and that we had already lost large numbers through young officers being incompetent. I have since heard that the War Office are now not giving commissions to men without previous military training. Mum wants you to buy the boy something for his birthday and has asked me to send you £1-1-0 for this. I am enclosing cheque made up as follows: Dr Constable’s bill £3-5-6 Cheque for £5-2-0 Hunby’s 7-6 Boy’s present 1-1-0 Cable 5-6 Cheque 26-8-9 Hangers 1-7-9 ________ Punch Ball 1-1-0 32-11-9 Cake 6-9 6-17-0 Pipe 3-0 _________ _________ £6-17-0 £25-14-9 I sent the pipe on to Uncle John so that he got it before Christmas day. I am sorry I was unable to send a cable to Billy Mason but Jean wrote saying that they had not got his address and he has received no letters since he has been away. I hope you received yours safely. I am sorry Jack did not get his present but I sent him a rag book enclosed with Erl’s dolls, so I suppose this got lost in the post. Yours David", "June 1916, Dear Kid, The order re not quoting your address etc is a real brainy one, seeing the powers that be did not order the post office to leave the post-mark off, but it is training for the Front presumably. I am enclosing a programme of a fine show we saw on Saturday – maybe it is being shown in England. Our national anthem was played three times and the crowd stood up each time, cheered King George’s picture etc. I really think there must have been a few British there. I comment on the rising for our national anthem, as when the American was played with the Flag (oh! Those flags!) on the sheet there was considerable hesitation. However, they did finally stand up. This is the land of flags. I don’t know if I told you the story (a newspaper report of a few weeks ago) of a carter who saw a Stars and Stripes in the gutter. Having no red flag to hang on the end of the girder he was carting, he picked up The flag, it having red in it, and tied it to the end of the girder. He was hauled up and fined for disrespect to The Flag. From the manner of the explanation it was obvious the man meant nothing, especially as he found it in the gutter, but he was not let off. Another instance occurred last week. We hear about the International Brotherhood, and apparently brother of all nationalities met in a backyard in Brooklyn and burnt their respective flags, to signify that there should be no nationality. The American “got lock up and put in the clink” for desecrating the flag. How much he will be fined I know not. Personally I think the bunch of them must have been graduating for a lunatic asylum, but you will note that in a free country you may not burn flags if you want to. Still they know our national anthem. I am sending some pictures today. Next week I hope to send you a “Current History” – a lot of excellent articles in it which I am sure you will enjoy. We are thinking of purchasing the set, as it will be a valuable history to have, quoting, as it does, so many viewpoints. I wonder how Dick Taylor has managed to escape the Army. It does not seem fair to me that he should escape while Walter Writer (with his small children) should be called up – nor economy either. If I were over there I should be very tempted to write to the Tribunal at Clapham Junction pointing out our slacker. I cannot help wondering at some of the healthy young Britishers over here. Cane who visits here is under no misapprehension as to what I think of him, or if so, he must be as dense as a turnip. We went to Lord Kitchener’s Memorial Service at Trinity Church, Wall St., on Wednesday morning. The church was packed to the pavement, and we were part of the crowd in the vestibule. The service was spoilt for me by a small man who tried to shuffle – by means of pushing – to the front. He succeeded apparently until he got to the back of me. Unfortunately, to be purposely arouses my temper to a higher pitch than most things, and I had fully determined if I had to take him by the scruff of his neck and gently lead him out that he was not going to push in front of me. He was not having a nice time when suddenly John discovered what was going on, and before he had time to realise what had happened, the pusher found himself behind a much taller man than himself. By the gradual movements of the crowd the three of us found ourselves nearer the interior between a comparatively narrow door way. There is beautiful panelling with well raised ridges, and presumably the gentleman had the time of his life between John and those ridges. Every time anyone struggled out, the gentleman had the ridges well moulded into his form, not to mention John’s elbow on the other side, and he was not allowed to move from that position til the service was over. The war news generally makes pretty good reading at present. Your letters make good reading too, so please send more. Yours ever, Ethel.", "Dear Ginger, It is your birthday within a fortnight I think and I am enclosing a small brooch to replace that other you had. I tried to get one at Christmas at Christmas but was unable to do so. The above is my present address, but if you write to me, address the letter to Ramsden Rd as the Angels in heaven above know where I may be by the time you write, such is the indefinite state of life at the present moment. I have not written before as I really have had no time. I transferred to the Artists as I seemed to be getting no further forward in the University O.T.C. This regiment as you probably know is an ordinary Territorial Regiment but was made an O.T.C. by French out at the front. I was at Headquarters in London for several weeks drilling in Regents Park and at Hampstead, and have now been sent down here. I have missed several things, as several fellows out of the 11 who joined the same day as I did, have already been sent to France to get their training there. We are fairly hard worked, as not only do we have the ordinary Tommy’s work to do, but we have the officers part to do as well. We are up about 5.45, wash etc and have tea and biscuits (this sounds better than it is, as the tea has no sugar in it, and sometimes no milk and the biscuits are like those on the Viking, only stale). At 6.30 physical drill until 7. We then go back and make our beds, clean buttons, belts and equipment generally. Breakfast 7.45 consisting of porridge (made with water and served in an enamelled bowl, from which you dip it on to an enamelled plate, with a mug), boiled bacon (in slices ½ inch thick, put on the same plate after you have eaten your porridge), bread and margarine (if you are lucky) and marmalade (if there is any left), and all this eaten from the one plate with the same knife, fork and spoon. You dip your tea in a mug from a pail placed on the floor, and stir it with the spoon used for the porridge. At 8.30 parade for the days work, which may be squad drill, platoon drill, company drill, or forty other kinds of drill, with two or three lectures in between times. You have to take lunch rations with you, consisting of bully beef ( a very close course pressed beef in tins) and bread. Lunch from 1 to 2 o’clock. Parade at 2 for work again, which may be trench digging, map reading and drawing etc etc until about 4 or a little after. Dinner at 5 pm – stew (served in the same way as the porridge) and bread, and on alternate days, pudding, usually plum duff, of course eaten from the same plate. The whole of the above for 1/- a day inclusive, paid weekly. At 6 o’clock parade again for a lecture until 7, when we are free for the remainder of the evening in order to write up lectures etc. We have to be in at 9.15 and all lights out at 10, and generally speaking, you don’t want to go on after 10. The camp being full I have been put into en empty house with 15 others. There are 4 in my room (size 12’ x 12’) and we have three planks 9” wide placed on two trestles raised about 6” off the floor for beds. These of course we put up and take down each day. Beside this we have four blankets and I have “borrowed” a fifth. I don’t know when these blankets were new or whether they are ever washed, but they are a discreet dark brown colour, so that one takes them as they come, and does not wonder what they would be like had they once been white. I could not sleep much the first night, but I have now got quite used to the hard bed, and can sleep as long as possible. I was inoculated against typhoid in London, this you get in tow doses, the stuff being injected into your arm and of course it makes your arm swell and ache a bit, and you feel as though you have got influenza for two or three days. You get a variety of jobs to do – for instance the first day I became an Artist I was sent with about 16 others with a pantechnican to Liverpool Street. Imagine one clothed in purple and fine linen riding in state through the City of London seated on top of a pantechnican and on arrival at Liverpool Street unloading boxes and other stores from a train, into the state coach and then driving back to Headquarters. Another day I was Hall Porter at headquarters, yesterday I was house orderly, which means that I had had to clean the house from top to bottom, scrubbing the floor and being general housemaid. Its a gay life. I get Saturday afternoon and Sunday fairly free unless they happen to take us for a route march or some such country excursion, but all leave has been stopped, so that I am bound down to a 2 mile radius of the camp. However, being close to London is better than being a long way off, and Mum came down yesterday. I am sending some photos (as demanded) but they have not yet turned up although I had them taken weeks ago. Yours David", "28 September 1916, Dear Ginger, Thanks very much for the socks. They fit splendidly and are altogether just all that I want. I am due to go into the school next Monday and shall in all probability be put into an empty house again. It is rather remarkable that I discovered quite by chance that my Captain is a member of the T Square Lodge and that there is another man in the next hut who is also a member there. Here in camp they have just instituted two new ideas. One is that 120 men are served out with rifles and ammunition and have to be ready with equipment and food to be sent anywhere to guard any Zepps that may be brought down. The second is that another 90 men have to be ready to go off to hold down any Zepp that may come down in a damaged condition. We have just had one or two raids. One, last Saturday, came across South London. They dropped bombs within about 200 yards of Glen Roy but luckily Uncle and Aunty were at Brighton and only Aunt Martha and Harry were there. I was at home and heard some of the firing, but Mum was also at Brighton. Polly was at home with me and said “she wasn’t frightened although she didn’t like it.” They did some damage at Streatham and Kennington but I don’t think it was serious. Later: I have just had your letter. Please thank Jean for helping with the socks. I will write later on and give you all the ‘orrible details of the school. Yours David PS I have found the photo of the hut and am enclosing it. My bed is just off the photo in the bottom left hand corner. Of course the hut is not by any means dressed in its Sunday best but it gives you some idea of things.", "October 1916, Sunday being a day of rest, I am writing to you. You ought to think yourself highly honoured – I expect you do. They are putting us through our paces thoroughly here and get little or no time to ourselves. I have got quite used to undressing in the dark after lights out, but I have made it a rule now not to work after 9.45 and then I read until 10.15. Friday is our busiest day usually, being up at 5.30 as usual, and after physical drill and breakfast etc, we spend the day on the entertaining sport called “open fighting”. This usually takes the form of “belly flopping”, that is you are loaded  with all the things they can find for you to carry and you are then marched somewhere or other and then set out across country, running 50 yards or so, and then flopping down full length. If you are lucky you don’t flop into a mud puddle, or a bed of gorse, or thistles, or a ploughed field, but you find a lovely smooth patch of grass – but then you are not often lucky. You then get up, run another 50 yards and flop again and so on, and then to vary the monotony of this, scramble through a hedge or two, leaving most of your skin, hair, clothes etc behind, and taking most of the hedge with you, or else you fall into a ditch. It’s a grand game. After all this you come back just after 4 o’clock and get paid your princely salary, which a grateful government allows you. Then a lecture from 4.50 until just after 6 o’clock. Dinner at 6.20 and then an exam from 7.50 till 9, when you are allowed to go to your room and clean your things for the morning. There is no means of letting things slide in the way of writing notes, as they collect the note books to see that they are written up. There is one very good thing, practically the only fatigue which we get is on Saturday mornings, when we have to scrub our rooms and generally get everything especially spick and span, not that things can get left in the ordinary way, as our rooms are liable to be inspected at any time. I have just read through the above and it looks as though I am grumbling – I am not – I merely keeping up the reputation of the British Army. Really the school is miles in front of the battalion and very much more interesting and for all the work I would not go back. You see there is such a terrific lot to get through in a short time,  that everyone must work to get it done. I have a different uniform now (that is when I am 2Walking out”) being clothed in purple and fine linen, or at least if not in that, in exceeding splendour. It is practically an officers uniform except for one or two small details and you occasionally get saluted by “poor ignorant Tommies” and of course feel a fool in not being entitled to it and not being able to acknowledge it. By the way Harry Webber is called up for Nov 1st and I hear he has employed Lidiard to intercede for him with the powers that be. Write to me when you can even if I don’t reply – I don’t get many letters. Yours David PS If there is a glut of field glasses in America and people are throwing them away, don’t hestitate to pick a pair up and send to me. PPS Had a fine view of the last Zepp that got “straffed”. I was in bed in camp and awoke to find that someone had fallen on my chest. I lay awake for a time, whilst some of the others hung out of the window (we were not allowed to leave the huts) in their endeavours to see something. Presently the whole camp began to cheer (although we were ordered to keep quiet etc etc) and I shot out of the window just in time to see the whole sky alight with the red glare of the flaming Zepp. I did not see the Zepp itself, but a few of the fellows did, although it was at Potters Bar. D.", "24 January 1917, Dear Ginger Until last Monday I was on leave, now I am not – alas. I went for my final exam on Dec 19th and managed to get through it and am now a full blown officer or as they put it in the gazette a temporary second lieutenant (on probation). My name has not yet been actually put into the gazette, but I expect it will be within a day or so when I will send it on to you. Two days after the exam I left G.P. for good so that I was home for Christmas. Mum seemed to think I was ill and for a considerable time my chief diet was Dutch Drops, Lung healers, and any other similar dainty that I would submit to. The exam was not easy, there being only 3 or 4 questions out of the whole 3 papers that one could answer from knowledge that could be got from books or that was really taught in the school. On the other hand I think it was a very good exam from the point of view of choosing officers. Nobody got very high marks, the top man only getting 183 out of a possible 220. I was 25th with 159. I reported here on Monday last and am already well at work. Today, Wednesday, I am orderly officer which means that I have to inspect practically everything that can be inspected, rations, rooms, kitchens, prisoners, etc etc, look after the men’s meals, in order to see if they have sufficient and that the food is good etc. Mount the guards on duty and inspect them. Altogether a fairly long day as I started soon after 6 this morning and I shall not finish until about 11.30 this evening. Thursday: This morning I got nothing to do as the men I should have were taken off for gas practice by another lieutenant, so I went on a voyage of discovery around the town here. This place is a pretty dreary sort of show. It consists of two main streets chiefly filled with small shops which do not sell anything in particular or at least anything that one really wants. When you come to the end of the main streets you find yourself out in some low lying flat fields, so that it is not an ideal place for a walk. It is also a prohibited area and everyone has to have a pass to get into or out of the town, which means I expect that Mum will be unable to come down to see me even if it were worth while her doing so. There are only 3 of us here who have not been out to the front so that we feel somewhat out of it. The other two are from the Inns of Court and went through the same exam as I did and joined here the same time. I have got rather friendly with one of these two but unfortunately I am not sharing the same room. This afternoon my men did physical and bayonet fighting and I, with the other officers, joined them and drilled under the physical instructors. I was rather glad as it was very cold indeed and doing physical kept us warm, otherwise we should have been standing around doing nothing. By the way did I ever write and thank you for that last pair of socks you sent. They are splendid and I have them on now. I am sharing a room with two other men (a Captain and a Lieutenant) in barracks, and we sleep on camp beds and even with a sleeping bag and 3 blankets it is none too warm At present things are rather slow as I know nobody here and have to get at everything by asking questions and at times this is rather slow work as of course everyone has got their own job to do and doesn’t care about anyone else. However I expect things will improve as I get on a bit. Write to me as often as you can. Yours ever David", "6 February 1917, My darling Ethel, Just a line to tell you David started for France, he went off bright and early and it’s a beautiful sunny morning, he is very well. Hoping you are all well and will be kept from harm. With fondest love from your loving Mamma I have sent little Erl a lock for her bracelet in a letter Feb 3. Hope you will get it. Mamma"}